If republicans are okay with using rarely used rules to make Elizabeth Warren shut up then there should be no problem with this.
The Freedom of Information Act?  Rarely used except by the Scaife family.>The 1924 law gives congressional committees that set tax policy the power to examine tax returns. It was used in 1974 when Congress looked at President Richard Nixon's returns, and in 2014 when the Ways and Means Committee released confidential tax information as part of its investigation into the Internal Revenue Service's handling of applications for nonprofit status.Ah..  
That would be epic. Would love to see trump's tweets about that :)
Another really important part from that article:> **Pascrell also said he believes Trump is violating the emoluments clause of the Constitution**, which bars federal officials from receiving gifts or other things of value from foreign governments. He raised that issue in a Feb. 1 letter to Brady.> > **We know that state-owned enterprises in China and the United Arab Emirates are involved in his businesses, and that his business ties stretch to India, Turkey and the Philippines and beyond, Pascrell wrote. Russia, Saudi Arabia and Taiwan may also have ties to his businesses.**> >**Pascrell said foreign governments are paying rents, licensing fees, and issuing permits for Trump Organization projects, all of which could be used to influence the president**.The letter asked Brady to reply by Wednesday.> > If I get a no answer on this, Ill be very honest with you: If these guys think Im walking away from this, theyre absolutely nuts, Pascrell said. The calls were getting, the calls other congressmen are getting, its unbelievable, we never expected this.
If the only way this is going to be enabled is if the *Republican* chair of the Ways and Means committee *both* allows for the returns to be looked at *and* allows it to be presented before the full house...well there are two possibilities:1. (Odds: 99.999%) Never going to happen. Will be called a witch hunt, partisan politics, liberals whining, etc.2. (Odds: 0.001%) A Republican politician puts country before party and at least gets the tax returns to look at. Go back to the beginning for the same odds of them getting revealed to the House.I think we have a good idea of what's going to happen here.
I think Trump's tax returns will show he has business dealings with Russia. Trump will never allow his tax returns to become public.
Does anyone else find themselves imagining what it's like to be one of the IRS officials tasked with examining Trump's taxes? There are several people out there with comprehensive knowledge of Donald's business dealings, who have watched this whole situation unfold in utter silence while most of the country furiously demands the documents that probably sit casually on their desk in between review. They know full well that one picture from their phone could potentially rattle society, but they have to honor their post. Those employees must feel so special. 
Please baby Jesus work this out for us
Sometimes I worry that Trump refuses to release his tax returns to get back at the world for when he made an ass of himself by demanding Obama's birth certificate. That is, I wonder if he is playing us by making it appear he has something to hide so when he finally releases his returns he can say FAKE NEWS blew this out of nothing. Obviously this is a totally different situation, but many won't see it that way.
Beautiful.   Well done Pascrell.
The fact is that, even if his tax returns show that he hasn't paid tax in 20-30 years, his supporters would hail it as evidence of his ,intelligence.In summary, USA - You are fucked. 
He's bragged about taking advantage of the system and people see that as a smart because they hate the system themselves. If anything comes out of it, I'll eat my hat. 
Trump: What? You're going to make me do something I promised to do? Very unfair!
One simple little trick could be used to make Trump Tax Returns public, Russian Oligarchs HATE him
[Relevant](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/congress-has-the-power-to-obtain-and-release-trumps-tax-returns/2017/02/07/aa53254c-ea63-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html?utm_term=.d45abbe6b8ac) opinion piece from Feb. 7. > Following Watergate, Congress changed the law to eliminate the presidents ability to order a disclosure. But it retained the right of its tax committees to do so as long as a disclosure **served a legitimate committee purpose**. Such a disclosure must be in the publics interest, and todays understandable concerns about Trumps potential conflicts of interest would seem clearly to justify a congressional effort to obtain, investigate and possibly disclose to the public his tax information.In other words, not gonna happen unless republicans grow a spine.
I really, really wonder what these tax returns would show. There has to be some horrid shit there, in order for him to have taken such political damage - especially during the election - and STILL not release them.
Then fucking do it, Congress. Not like you are doing anything else.
Let's save it for when it can do more damage.
He made Obama dig up his birth certificate. He owes us Americans his tax returns. You know what tho, it will be disappointing. It might even show that he was on welfare and raking in benefits. 
I hope this works. I'm really curious about what Trump is so desperate to hide. 
Unfortunately this idea is fatally flawed. As soon as you see the name 'Kevin Brady of Texas' mentioned you might as well stop reading. There is not a Texas legislator in existence who would do anything contrary to GOP party lines (with the exception of the Texas Democrats, but there's so few of them they might as well be unicorns).
I bet even his family doesn't know how broke he is.My patriarchal old-fashioned father always concealed his/our debt from us.
Unfair, failing constitution wasting my time and tax dollars. Sad! Will negotiate better deal. 
Soon, One Weird Trick to Make Trump Tax Returns Public!
Dodged the draft and paying taxes. What a great American.
> Asked if he thought he would succeed, Pascrell said he believes many Republicans in the House and Senate are absolutely intimidated by this president.In other words, probably not. :(
Question. Why is this guy still president?Signed. The rest of the world.
Spoiler alert: it won't happen.Hate being a cynic, but nothing good will ever happen
Bernie can still win, here's how!
God damn the republicans in congress are the biggest cockblocks in history.. first they cockblock obama in almost everything.. now they are cockblocking releasing evidence that could be damming against trump. The gop should change their name to the Cockblock party.. cause thats all they know how to do.. if the dems had a majority.. the tax returns would have been released by now and trump would have been impeached already. This system is so broken when a group of people can hold a government and the country hostage
Can a Trump supporter please articulate a reason not to release his taxes for me?  Most of the users who don't care just shit post and spin to Hillary or the dems.   Someone please make a logical argument why releasing them and A) proving they are unremarkableB) He's owes money to Russian oligarchs.C) He is not as successful has he acts Would be bad things 
This article needs to be rewritten. Sorry, but do not start every other paragraph with xxx said ... We are trying to get quality journalism back on its feet.
Fucking DO IT. Quit talking and JUST FUCKING DO IT.
Pascrell also said he believes Trump is violating the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which bars federal officials from receiving gifts or other things of value from foreign governments. However, Trump says that he will pay the money that he receives into the Treasure.  That is not really good enough IMO. The clause bars federal official from receiving gifts or other things of value. It does matter if he pays the money back or not. Just taking the money is a violation. And, every time one of his holding receive payment for services its a separate violation. 
This sounds like a Buzzfeed article... What has this sub come to?
I mean it was used as recently as 2014. If applicable, it seems like a perfect opportunity to get this done. It was used in '74 too for Nixon. Come on and get this process started!
Could - balls = won't
ELI5: he's already elected, what the hell good is getting  his tax returns made public going to do at this point? 
What Trump may be really worried about is that, if you do the calculation of assets minus liabilities, he's worth maybe minus 100 bucks.  It would kinda puncture the whole billionaire balloon.
This is it, worked for Nixon it will work for Trump. 
It's fucking unbelievable that there are people who support this man. People don't care? THAT'S the excuse here? How the fuck are Republicans so shockingly gullible?
*This one rarely used law that has Trump furious!*
This should happen asap 
Other than making the people who hate him hate him even more and making his supporters hate the system even more ....what would this accomplish?
Good. I want to know for how much he defrauded the American people.
I'm sorry but what is the point of seeing his tax return? If he was dodging tax in an illegal way then the IRS would know. If he was minimising the amount of tax he pays that makes perfect business sense. If he was legally paying zero tax it makes perfect business sense. What should be said is he employs thousands of workers who do pay tax. This seems like regressive straw grasping, it's rather pathetic.
Oh please oh please oh please
We have to go after those tax returns like mad. Either he gets exposed by them, or exposes himself by going to extreme lengths trying to stop the returns going public. Show everyone how far he'll go to hide them. Easy D. 
[26 U.S. Code  6103](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/6103) (a) *General rule*: Returns and return information shall be confidential, and except as authorized by this titleno officer or employee of the United States ... shall disclose any return or return information obtained by him in any manner in connection with his service as such an officer or an employee or otherwise or under the provisions of this section.
Please do, the American people need to see what Trump is hiding.
Then fucking do it now before he's able to stack the courts and really do some lasting damage. 
I mean honestly, what is the logic and reasoning for not wanting to know this info? Even the most hardened Trump follower, why do you think America is safer, stronger, or better managed by not seeing transparency?I love Obama, but I would never argue that we specifically shouldn't see his tax returns. 
> I'm automatically attracted to the tax returns. I just start leafing through them. It's like a magnet. I read through them. I don't even wait. And when you're a Congressman with the 1924 law in support, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the tax return. You can do anything.Rep. Bill Pascrell, probably.
I'm a republican, I don't see why they don't make them public.  A lot of people in the defense industry have to fill out a financial disclosure form every 2 years.It's worse than going to the dentist.  IF they have to do it, make him do it
>Rep. Bill Pascrell, a Democrat who serves on the Ways and Means Committee, has asked the committees chairman, Rep. Kevin Brady of TexasI see a *teensy* flaw in his plan...
I really don't give a flying fuck about his tax returns, but since he doesn't want to show them I want them to make him. It's like when he was crying about Obama's birth certificate. What goes around man 
Where was this during the fucking election?
*scans article*Rep. Bill Pascrell, a **Democrat**...Ah. Never going to happen. Too bad.
On one hand exposing his shady bullshit and conflicts of interest would be a huge victory against corruption. On the other hand, the selective application of little known laws IS corruption IMO, and it's one of my biggest criticisms of corporatist republicans. My feels be mixed.
omg please:D
I'll believe that when I see his taxes. This fool is drunk with power. He doesn't care about people wanting to see the tax returns. He and his cronies think they can get away with anything. Look at that hag Conway. She broke the law on national TV by plugging Ivanka's china- made garbage, yet nothing has happened to her at all. 
I'll toss out a cautious warning.  There may be nothing of interest in the tax returns, which would give the Donald a small victory.  Every attempt to downplay the outcome should be made.Having said that, odds are good that there's something insidious in there.
It has already become clear that Trump doesn't give a shit about legality.
Question - do trumpers not want him to release his returns? If so, why? 
Every day this sub has some article that swears it's the end of Don, and every day  your incessant hope for failure blows up in your face.
This is interesting, and it would be terrific if this law could be invoked here, but I'm skeptical.  Here's the thought I've had for the last month or so on this topic:  Obviously there are people at the IRS who have seen Trump's tax returns.  It's not as if the information is currently outside the realm of human knowledge; it is known by certain people.  Wouldn't it be fabulous if one of those people would leak the returns to the public?  I realize one probably could not do so anonymously, and would therefore be subject to criminal/civil repercussions.  So, who at the IRS is willing to take one for the team?  Anyone?  Bueller?
Why is Trump allowed to  receive/entertain foreign dignitaries at 'his' resort, Mar-A-Lago and golf courses? https://www.boston.com/sports/new-england-patriots/2017/02/10/robert-kraft-dines-with-trump-japanese-prime-minister-at-mar-a-lago
Just hearing about Rarely used law makes me think about the Alien and Sedition Acts.
I think it is simple to avoid this mess in the future. A. Make it law that from now on that in order to become a presidential nominee, you must disclose x amount of years tax returns. Secondly, before you can assume office, any personal business/stocks must be sold and or removed from any and all interests involving you. I mean any sane person would approve this. While it sti would not be perfect or prevent all corruption, it would go a long fucking way. 
For a businessman know his sketchy business practices and the potential to use his presidency for profit, I think we deserve to know how much he's worth now and when he leaves. 
Tuck rule this fuck.
The Republican response to the call to look at President Trump's tax returns will be to continue to focus their efforts on taking health care away from poor people.  You know... to make America great again.  
What's Trump hiding?
This has to happenmake it so
Weak Congressman from NJ wants to see my taxes but the American people don't care. Sad
He doesn't want to be embarrassed by his Yuge donations to NAMBLA.  Many people are saying he's their largest donor.
Please, please, please. 
I think it's very warranted. He is the first Billionaire elected, We've got to see that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm9Be2Hn37A
Rarely used because EVERY candidate since Nixon released their tax returns...and, coincidentally, Nixon was dirty.
Why can't a state pass a law requiring that its electors can only vote for a candidate who meets that state's disclosure requirements?
Wtf does it even matter at this point? America has a less than ideal federal exec and I've just transitioned to the less abrasive/more proactive stance of just trying to fix what I can at the lower levels of govt.Volunteer your time in your city, county, & state political levels. Until this election, I had NO idea how easy it was to get legislation pushed through your local and state precincts (literally all you need are signatures).Obama's farewell address was a big wake up call to me and the millions of lazy Americans who bitch and moan tirelessly about the outcomes of elections and won't lift a goddamned finger outside of Facebook likes to fix it.Protesting doesn't count because it legitimately useless for the next 4 years as the message is already clear. I'm sorry if I hurt feelings with this comment but frankly I would much rather have my fellow protestors just go work on political action directly instead. The caveat being that with full time jobs, we can't spend much time fixing things but even the littlest things like 7pm city council meetings help a lot 
Trump will never let Conway go. That's his BFF.
Is it a direct statement, no. However, it is a piece of the puzzle. A sorely missing piece, at that. Ultimately, I think you're right, though. There are more pressing things to spend time on. 
They should make all politicians release their tax returns then.
Hey /u/Intern3,This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
This would be great if we could see some real dirt on him
Lost in the ongoing discussion is the fact that the IRS, one of the most pilloried and hated government institutions, has steadfastly kept these records secret, just as they are supposed to do.  Compare the IRS's really exemplary behavior to the rogue FBI.  I  don't like paying taxes, can't really figure out how to do them right.  But let's toast their competence and, yes, patriotism.  Really, they are not getting any cred at all and they really deserve it.  
The mystery of Donald Trump's tax return was partially elucidated by new revelations about his avoidance of tax payments, concluding a disastrous week for the Republican candidate for the White House.
I've never heard of you Pascrell, but go man go!
Dems have to run on this in the midterms. Elect us and when we have majority in the house and senate we will get his tax returns, impeach on emoluments clause ect. Would be the new tea party landslide! Repubs will prob look to impeach him in between year 1 and 2 after they pass through all the items on their agenda. Done with him and then attempt to save face. Hopefully people never forget. 
Is this something where we should call our congress reps to vote on or support? I mean its legal, and the house committees are supposed to non-partisan representatives of the people.
I don't understand why anyone would not want to see his tax returns. Are they scared of what we will find out? 
Wouldn't that require them to acknowledge that there are laws for rich people? 
Where the hell has this been the last several months? Yes use it! Make this piece of shit do what every other president in 40 years has done. If he has nothing to hide, he shouldn't care if they get released. I hope it exposes him as the giant fraud he is. I don't care if some people don't care, quite a few of us do. If this guy is going to piss all over the constitution and the judicial system, then he should expect his opponents to throw anything and everything they have at him. Welcome to politics Donny Twitt.
Why doesn't Trump want to release his tax return? 
Crooked Trump
This would be great for those thay want to know but would it matter at this point in the bigger picture?
please do it please.. 
Okay is this gonna actually happen or...???
I'm all for this. He should have released his tax returns already.
Great. Let's get this over with and move on. If his returns show ties to Russia, or that he's not as rich as he claims, will anything happen? A few articles on liberal sites about his hypocrisy while his supporters find ways to play mental gymnastics. Non issue in my opinion unless there's something egregious in there which I doubt.
Can someone explain to me why this matters so much? No trolling no anger or hate either way.  Actually want to know. 
When a law is rarely used, it becomes hard to use. Look up selective prosecution.
Came here to say this. Dems should not shy away from using every tool at their disposal to get this done for the public. If this assertion is legal, then for goodness sake, why isn't it being used?!
give em a taste of McConnell's medicine. 
Did they invoke Timothy 2:12?
Just because this tax return examination law is rarely used doesn't mean it's not solid and usable for this purpose today.  It's probably just rarely used because it's obviously rarely needed.  But this seems like it's unarguably something within this committee's rights to demand.
Nope. None at all. I'm stoked as fuck to see them. 
Did they shut her up or did they scold her for talking? They scolded her for talking and that's actually worse. 
The problem is finding ones with backbones
We both know that's not going to happen until the DNC grows a spine. A small part of why were in this mess is because the DNC is often soft especially when they're in power. I'm not sure if everyone here remembers politics in the 90's and 00's but there were times where it was frustrating.
If you haven't learned that Republicans are do as I say not as I do yet...You're gonna have a bad time.
Thanks Nixon! 
> congressional ommitteesGood luck with that. 
Foia has an exception for tax returns.
So what then? He will just claim he has no conflict of interest and say people don't care. 
very unfair. VERY UNFAIR. tax code totally broken. another outrage that the American people will not stand for!
It would bring him down. He's a fraud and his tax returns prove it. He has lost FAR FAR more than 1.5B
Maybe he'll call Tillerson at 3am to ask how to destroy his records at the IRS.https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html%3Famp%3D1?client=ms-android-oneplus
@realDonaldTrump: So now congresspeople can make laws. Not having a great time with this fake news. SAD.
Even better, the moment he tweets about it, Twitter suspends his account lol
You really think they'd let Trump tweet from prison?
Any negative tax return is a FAKE tax return. SAD!!!
So what happens if they're released? 
They wanted to invoke a rarely used law against Warren, might as well use one against them too
I have a feeling if this were to happen he would be impeached faster than a Trump travel ban.
The thing that I like about his quote at the end is that these calls that people are making are actually motivating representatives to do what their constituents want (at least to some degree).  It's nice to think that calling your representatives can make a difference. 
Right on. Keep calling. Keep emailing. Democracy isn't a total spectator sport. 
Worth noting there is another emoluments clause. The president is only allowed to get his salary, no other payments from the government, like rent in his golden (shower) tower...> The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them.Art. II, Sec. I
To be fair, every elected official has a COI due to modern financial instruments (mutual funds).I'd be ok with his conflicts, but only if they are known.  Pretty shameful that he won't release his records. We need a Constitutional Amendment cracking down on all elected officials to require this release. 
Every house member is up for reelection in 20 months. Edit: call them and remind them. Voting is quite literally the only leverage you have unless there is a super PAC named after you.
I think Commitees work a little differently than that. Brady can stall having the commitee look at the returns but then Pascal gets to make a huge deal out it and create chaos in an important commitee. The thing snowballs from there and the phones get jammed with calls for and against a new Chair or a Co-Chair. Or Brady could let it in to commitee but fight tooth and nail to keep it out of the General chamber. This is much easier and carries less political blowback. This way he can argue that it's a witch hunt. Because he has actually seen what's in those documents. If he chooses option A it's a sure bet his next reelection bid is going to be fabulously expensive with a nationally vetted Democrat. Option B he looks like a hero to the Trump Base voters. Then if there's a serious conflict of interest (which other Commitees can get to as well) he's ahead of the Trump side blowback. It's still early but all of the lawyers in Congress spotted the emoluments violation on Inauguration Day. There are twenty different Commitees that can use arcane rules to pull those tax fillings and some of those Commitees have hostile republican lawmakers as chairs. McCain and Graham come to mind. Republicans absolutely want to be ahead of a disgraced administration but want to avoid the ire of a vindictive President. And this Congressman, 80 years old and on his eleventh term, he's going to be a Pain in the Ass because he can. He might get to go out in a blaze of glory as a National Democratic Badass. The Republicans absolutely want to prevent new rockstars on the other side. Even 80 year olds. 
This statement could not be more accurate. At what point are people going to realize that as long as republicans rule Washington, Trump is invulnerable and so long as those same republicans are aloud to pass laws rigging the system in there favor there is nothing we can do. How many years of corruption and oppression will the American people tolerate before they care enough to get off there asses and fight for freedom. We are prisoners of a political system run by a party who is bought and paid for. Republicans don't give a damn about anyone aside from there own agenda and there own benefactors. They would rather let the entire planet burn before they would defy big oil. Say what you want about liberals whether they are fiscally irresponsible or not as tough on certain issues as they should be but at least they work for the American people as a whole not just the white wealthy billionaires.
This is one of the many reasons why the midterm elections NEED to change the power in congress. We need congress to act as a balance against Trump. 2018 is the most important mid term election of our lifetime (well my lifetime anyway)
It just makes no fucking sense why they wouldn't do it... he's either compliant with the law or breaking the law? I know the *innocent til proven guilty sentiment* is what many use to protect themselves and their information, but at this point if he was innocent he probably would've released the returns already. Just seems fishy
Call your house member! It helps if they are on the  [Ways and Means](https://waysandmeans.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee/) committee... call the local office, you'll probably get a live person. Tell them you support Rep. Pascrell request to review President Trump's tax returns. They'll probably ask for your zip code. But that's it, keep it short and simple. 
It's going to show how he isn't really a billionaire.  Thats why he doesn't want to release his returns. 
An honest, successful businessman would be happy to release his returns.
It seems that his tax returns are his kryptonite. He jests about everything else. He mocks everything else. He games everything else.But, his tax returns? He doesn't show any gamesmanship, humor, or mystique around that. He's not playing anyone about the value of his tax returns. He's not making any case that when the tax returns are revealed, he will be able to move around the news.The release of his tax returns is not a massive charade that he has been playing along with all this time. There is no surprise at the end of the game that works in Trump's favor.Nope, not all all. He knows the public release of those tax returns will be his kryptonite. They will show something that will place him in complete ruin. Not ruin amongst the elites, the media, or even the Democratic party. It will place him in ruin amongst his own supporters who have vested so much into this fake emperor.And, that is what he is. He is not a president. He is an emporer, or a king.When you listen to his supporters, it is clear that they do not want someone to work for them.They want someone to work for.Unamerican weaklings, they are. Cowards, by their own design. These special snowflake Republicans go out of their way to appease their king's every desire.When I think of the Republican party, I think of weakness, poor integrity, cowardice, and a lack of any moral footing whatsoever.
I have the exactly thing on mind for a while. The reason he not showing his tax at all is not because those tax evasion issues, even if those are true he could still legitimize it by some ways as he should pass the IRS audit somehow. But the tax return will clearly show: 1) his business conflict interest in China, Russia & Middle East Asians 2) he is not billionaire at all 3) he is not a successful businessman, i.e. His return will for sure show he lost more money than he made on those so called deals he made.
It could, or it could be like Clinton's speeches. Nothing in the Clinton speeches was egregious. However, after they came out, I understood why she didn't release them immediately. Even the most harmless information about a candidate can and will be twisted and spun into something controversial and serve as ammo to the opposition. The more info thats out there, the more source material to use to spin negative stories about a candidate. Now that he won the election without having to show his tax returns, there's no reason to release them, even if they showed he was a multi billionaire with zero ties to Russia or China. It's honestly the voters fault for not holding Trump accountable for releasing them. And the ones who did want him to release them and voted for him anyways expecting he'd release them after the election were naive and manipulated. 
i can see him burning his copies of his tax returns in an attempt to hide them
Call your House member! It helps if they are on the  [Ways and Means](https://waysandmeans.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee/) committee... call the local office, you'll probably get a live person. Tell them you support Rep. Pascrell's request to review President Trump's tax returns. They'll probably ask for your zip code. But that's it, keep it short and simple. 
It is already in many computers somewhere.  The information will be obtained.
Or - - - one of them gets up the courage to go to the Press. The 21st Century Deep Throat. 
Or the reason that they haven't is because the tax returns aren't nearly as incriminating as we think and the person who leaks them would not get the clemency we might want them to get.
I've thought about this and I imagine the IRS makes his tax returns available only to a small group of people in order to minimize the possibility of being leaked. This is the only way I can make sense of the fact that they haven't been leaked yet.  
I'm guessing there's really just nothing incriminating in his return. Most likely it's only the embarrassing evidence that he's not as rich as he claims. If I had information that clearly demonstrated the POTUS was up to something illegal, there's absolutely no argument you could make to convince me I should be worried about the legality of disclosing it.Furthermore, honest question here: if the IRS audit concluded there was something shady afoot, wouldn't it normally be handed off to appropriate law enforcement at that point anyway?
Baby Jesus has left the game.
I think the tax returns will show he's not nearly as successful as he likes to claim.  After all, he has an alternate reality that he gets caught up in nearly daily.
Nothing would surprise me. But it is also a way to keep people off balance. I say we keep our eyes on the prize and remain lazer-focused on the Russia situation. There's much more to that story, IMO, than what has been reported. If those allegations have merit, we won't have to worry about his taxes. 
Fake news won't stand up in court.
This rational is what makes me ok with him not releasing it because whether he likes it or not this is an issue people care about and his hiding them makes most people think it's particularly damning. Imo I thinks he's dumb enough to think what's in it is horrible but not as bad as the pussy grabbing video. And if he survived that he certainly could survive his returns. So yea I'm with you. But maybe he really does have some nasty shit in there.
> Asked if he thought he would succeed, Pascrell said he believes many Republicans in the House and Senate are absolutely intimidated by this president.It keeps the point alive, chances aren't good though.Edit:cuz I spek goodly
This is really cool to see. I work with one of his sons, knew he was a congressman but never thought I'd see his name on Reddit. 
We know
Send help. Please
If so, USA citizens will have the right to not pay any taxes as well.
We're beyond the point of debate over whether or not he has paid any taxes. The question is whether or not he is receiving money from foreign governments. 
He's already fucked, this would just be a nail in the coffin.
And they want to deport illegals because they don't pay taxes. The mental gymnastics are too much for me
Is it an abe lincoln hat or more like a yarmulke?
Well I don't exactly see a lot of people looking to pay extra taxes regardless of their income or dealings
Is your hat made out of meat?  If that is, it would be cheating.  Non Organic op! 
Damage? I truly believe he thinks things are going great. 
There's dozens of us. 
Came here only to see if someone had made this comment!
Trump thinks he conquered the Republicans because he defeated them all in the primaries. I don't think he has any respect for them. I think they are collectively smarter than him and the Republican establishment will exact their revenge.
Fuck, Just need one more dragon ball...
Pretty sure you could Ctrl+C Ctrl+V this response to about 80% of /politics threads 
Hopefully no one reads this as they are thinking about jumping of a building... 
This sub frequently posts buzzfeed articles.
You can see who he owes money to and who he is invested in.Which would Make any conflicts of interest with companies or countries more apparent.
THIS. Maybe *then* Trump supporters might realize they were had?
he's hiding it, so I want it. 
Nothing to hide, nothing to fear. Release the returns comrade!
My RES tagger says you were a frequent poster on /r/altright before it got banned.  Just thought I should put it out there on the off chance someone listens to you.
Why don't you go post on Voat where your racist bullshit is more accepted?
Why are blaming the sub? This news is blowing up all over.
These things take time to build up. It probably shouldn't have lasted this long anyways but day by day Trump's credibility is getting chipped away. His Presidency is bleeding out which is a good thing.
I think they are.  I don't see how they can't be a little curious.
Trump has taken a _lot_ of political flack for not releasing his tax returns. This means that he is hiding something that is worse than the flack he has taken. People are curious as to what that thing is.
It's a matter of principal for a lot of people.  Presidential candidates have been releasing their tax returns for the last 40+ years as a show of good faith and that they've nothing to hide/no corruption/etc.  as well, Trump kept promising to show his tax returns but then continued to make excuses until after his election he just flat out refused and claimed his election proved nobody cared that he didn't release them.  Also, the fact it could reveal he's lying about his wealth and/or ties to Russia and foreign governments.  Any way you look at it, it's shady as fuck that he won't release his returns. He has absolutely no reason not to *unless* he's lying about something or everything.
Every Presidential nominee in recent times has released their tax returns.  It gives people a picture of their financial arrangements such as investments that could be the source of bias. In Trump's case, there are a number of concerns that could be clarified such as whether he is as successful as he says he is. Also, it seems likely that he took a massive tax deduction some years ago (apparently on money another investor lost, but the IRS hasn't pinged him for so I guess it's legitimate) that means he hasn't actually paid any tax in years. Some voters might like to have known that, I'm sure taxpayers in general would love to know whether their President is likely to pay tax anytime soon.
Exactly! I'm so tired of Democrats being so polite. Fucking grab his tax returns!
Fear of political reprisal and, in general, an unwillingness to act based on some bs variant of the bystander effect. Basically, everyone is expecting someone else to deal with it and so, in usual Democrat fashion, no one will deal with it until it gets really bad. Kind of like how a procrastinator will wait until they have to do something, not do it because it should be done.
Article says he's a already asked the committee chair to go after the returns, but I believe the chair is a Republican. This is not a case where any democrat can do it. It requires the cooperation of a republican-led house committee. 
And it's not even short-sighted like a lot of things republicans do. If a future democrat president refuses to show his tax returns despite every other president doing so, I would have a problem with that. 
The exact reasoning Trump has used to excuse not paying taxes. Bring the full weight of the law to bear on this som'ma'bitch.
This. Plus, if basically any of the things Trump has been doing can be considered even kinda legal than they have no right to call the dems out for using an old law.
Turtle soup?
Make him fucking overdose on that shit.
A woman should learn in quietness and full submission. I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man; she must be quiet.1 Timothy 2:11-12 NIVEdit: for those wondering, this is New Testament. Scripture's wild.
Can't be, at some point they would have come across Luke 20:25.
Thanks [Henry Cabot Lodge](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_leaders_of_the_United_States_Senate)! 
We found out that Nixon cheated the IRS out of $500,000. I wonder how much Trump has been getting away with?
I can't tell if omittees was an intentional typo or an apropos accident.
Individual Citizen Tax returns. The Trump organization is not a citizen, unless the Supreme Court wants to really, really,  really expand Citizen's United to the point a corporate entity as a whole can plead the fifth which would basically make all investigation impossible. 
Yeah he'd have to put his tax returns into an email on his private server. 
The law in question isn't FOIA. I don't know if PP just didn't read the article or what. 
It seems hard to refute that he has a conflict of interest without some evidence though.
His decades of donations to NAMBLA will be revealed. I'll redact this if I'm wrong. 
Fake IRS, Fake Congress, Fake Returns.
It is hard to stand up from a hoverround, to be fair.
Sad! 
That's exactly it.
No, he would called them fake without a doubt. 
I'd like to imagine that he'd step down to protect his business legacy instead of release his returns, if forced to choose between the two. Just a fantasy, but one more believable in this world of alternative facts and proudful ignorance. 
Mark Cuban summed it up nicely. He didn't just lose 1.5b, he lost 1.5b of OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY.
>He's a fraud and his tax returns prove it. What sort of fraud? He's not worth as much as he says he is? How would that bring him down? He's a tax fraud? That's not even possible.EDIT: Guys, comeon. We should be able to be intellectually honest here instead of circlejerking the worst possible outcome. Stop assuming everything is black and white. 
Seems too good to be true!
why would that force him to step down exactly?
More like he'll just sign an EO that says they can't look at his returns.
Your grammar is too good, it's too coherent, and you don't have nearly enough capital letters.
*Executive order #126: rebrand federal prisons, market under the name Trump Mandatory Resort Facilities*
The MAGA Brass Band comes out and plays our new National Anthem, But Her Emails.
Al franken said the same thing on Real Time with Bill Maher he said the calls and crashing the town halls make a differencehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDqA7veCWns 
If we wanted to see this through or have his taxes released in general, would it help to tell our representatives? How would we do that? Like what would we say?
When you want to stay in power you tend to toss a bone everyone in a while.
Going after him for emoluments will be a colossal mistake. Right now he's doing basic business that can only be assumed to be a violation. Note that this guy says he believes it's a violation. If it was cut and dried, Trump would be impeached already.But the real problem is that Congress can give the president permission to accept money and gifts. So if push comes to shove, the Republicans will give Trump permission to operate his businesses as he is now.Once that happens, Trump will not be dong basic stuff that is easy to not draw attention (diplomats staying at his hotel, big deal), he will start doing all the super corrupt stuff that the left currently accuses him of doing. It will be ugly and a huge mistake.
Those are domestic emoluments. The other one is international emoluments. 
Ideally they'd be in large index funds that include thousands of equities. A diversified passive portfolio pretty much eliminates COIs except to give them interest in growing the global economy, which is good.
But I live in the district where I'm already staring at two Democrats in the face come next November. (Hurray California's top-two primary system...I think.)So while this is true, I feel like if we have to wait 20 months for this it will be 20 months too late. But you are absolutely correct. If Democrats can flip the House in spite of the gerrymandered hellscape, well...lets just say Benghazi is going to look like a garden party compared to the stuff Congress will have to wade through by then.
20 months seems like 20 years away at the current rate of Trump administration fuck ups. It's almost hard to keep up with all the embarrassing, shameful, appalling stories that come out daily. 
Remember democrats, due to gerrymandering it takes 3-4 democrat voters to equal 1 Republican vote so every liberal vote needs to count!
Can we start a campaign to get liberals from NY and California to move to red districts across the country, establish residency, vote, and then move back home in 21 months?
This guy is from Texas. We're fucked
Except the ones where there is no one else running.
When I suspect a Republican party > country moment I always look to the Cook PVI, because it gives a good indication as to whether your scenario (a nationally funded democrat overcoming the incumbency effect to win) can happen. So..Brady is in the Texas 15th which has an index of....R+29. Yea, I don't think he'll care about a challenge from a Democrat. Next you have to look if he's going to get challenge on the right for doing the right thing. Well, time for more bad news.He escaped his primary in 2016 after being pegged as too close to Obama. How was he close to Obama you ask? Because he voted for the omnibus budget that kept us from having more shutdown arguments when Paul Ryan became Speaker, and he was onboard with re-opening the US Import-Export Bank, which is basically just a government creditor for other countries buying our goods (evil, evil socialism in other words /s) So bascially, he's got a Tea Party-er breathing down his neck in his district that is likely going to get well-funded if Brady narcs so he's going to be careful.Lastly, while I would love to think Republicans want to get ahead of Trump shitting the bed, they haven't pushed any real dream legislation that they can peg on Trump yet. While Pence is likely to support everything the Republicans want to do, any real scandal has the potential to sweep Pence away in the coming shitstorm as well. So you don't want to push the IMPEACH button until you get yours first. While that's just a running theory on this sub at the moment, so far there hasn't really been anything to suggest its wrong.So that's basically three strikes against anything getting done. The Chairman is in a safe Republican seat, where there is a ready-made challenger to attack him on the right, and the party as a whole doesn't want to bail on Trump just yet because they haven't gotten the tax cuts for the wealthy and nuking of Obama's legacy taken care of yet.Your scenarios aren't far-fetched, just politically there isn't any push to move. And since people rarely pay attention to the workings of a committee, it would take a concerted effort to look to get the ball rolling on the flooding of calls front.
Gotta have a certain love for someone on the old guard who figures he's not got much to lose.
Pretty sure this is it. It seems to me he really isn't bothered by his ties to Russia, and so trying to hide business dealings with them wouldn't be a big deal. What IS a big deal is to him is that he is perceived by the public to be a successful businessman, and if it turns out he hasn't cracked that billion dollar mark, it'll feel very emasculating for him.
The guy owns high-rise towers and country clubs all over the world. In terms of real-estate *assets* he's definitely a billionaire. There's also the TV show, the luxury brands and merchandising associated with his name. I think he's afraid of people knowing the full scope of his involvement with foreign companies, investors and foreign governments. 
He might or might not be one now. But after he leaves office he will certainly be one.
Agreed! Considering the enormity of his ego and insatiable need for admiration, refusing to release his taxes makes no sense. *Show us how rich you are Donnie, so we can envy you even more.* ;)
And Trump is neither of those things.  
To play devils advocate you are using the you'll be fine if you have nothing to hide argument that people hate when talking about any privacy issue.Not that the president should be allowed to have the same level of privacy as a normal citizen.
> When you listen to his supporters, it is clear that they do not want someone to work for them.They want someone to work for.Wow. I've never really put this together, amazing phrasing. Now that I think about it, the trump supporters I've talked to do seem to want someone to work for. Give them something to live for. 
> hey will show something that will place him in complete ruin. Not ruin amongst the elites, the media, or even the Democratic party. It will place him in ruin amongst his own supporters who have vested so much into this fake emperor.But...what is that?* If they show ties to Russia...well, everyone who would care already knows that he does have ties to Russia, so that wouldn't change anything.* If they show that he didn't pay taxes due to real estate losses or whatever...well, he's already spun that as intelligent, and he could further spin it by pushing for some small change to the tax code and telling his fans he fixed the tax code in a way no one else ever tried, etc.* If he has ties to other foreign governments, he spins it as foreign relations experience, saying they won't be willing to screw America now.The list keeps going. Basically anything that could possibly in them, he could spin and his fans would follow.There's literally only one thing I can think of that would be in his tax returns that would actually harm him. Literally one thing.**If Trump was shown to be profiting from abortion,** the tax returns would be devastating. That's literally the only thing that would make a significant dent. All the people who voted Republican for Supreme Court seats to try to overturn Roe v Wade? All the Christian fundamentalists who tolerate their congresspeople not pushing against Trump? They've backed themselves into a corner where the #1 issue is always banning abortion, and they are loud and proud about it. They would have to get loud about Trump profiting from abortion....right?
How would it show he's not a billionaire? Tax returns show income over 1 year, not net worth 
I think this is it. His tax returns aren't going to spell out his illegal activities. I often wondered why HRC never offered to release the speeches if he would just release his taxes. The truth is that it wouldn't have been advantageous. 
That would be a massive felony and what I assume would be the full weight of the federal government crashing down on you to do so, I'm not surprised nobody is lining up for the opportunity
Or perhaps we obtain them by legal means!  Justice will prevail!
Since deepthroat is pretty much standard fare for today's generation of porn stars, we'll need to come up with something a bit more on the fringe for the IRS leaker's codename. Double Anal maybe? That one still only makes an occasional appearance.
Deepthroat? You're not using burst transmission. Are you nearby?
1000s of people had to have seen his tax returns, He files every year and has been audited for 15 years. Maybe the IRS is the only uncorrutable agency
This kind of makes the most sense to me. I definitely believe he's corrupt AF and involved in illegal, impeachable shit. I just don't think his tax returns prove any of it, or how the hell were they ever going to get through audit? Let's think logically about this here folks: if you report information on your taxes that implicates you in (for example) assassination contracts, do you really expect IRS non-disclosure rules to keep you out of jail?
My best guess would be his returns show he simply gets away with an abysmally low tax rate, but really nothing else of note.  The left would claim it's damning because of how little he contributes in taxes, the right would claim vindication because he's done nothing to violate laws.
I'm actually surprised they haven't been leaked by some mortgage/business loan officer/underwriter somewhere. Or anyone at a bank who might be able to access old files where he's done business. They have to be on lock down any place they exist. Or...they don't actually contain anything worth risking jail/fines/job loss. but I don't think that's it.
We need government subsidized Baby Jesus!!
He'll be back in three days.  Said he was tired of hanging around and was going to sleep it off.
My theory has been that his overall business empire hasn't been all that successful on its own especially in recent years due to increased globalization efforts driving up foreign competition especially by newer players to the world power market most notably the EU and China. On a side note I also think this is why he seems to be partial to Russia. Essentially he knows the current US/Russia rulebook (whether or not he can effectively play that game against Russia is another story). With the growth of EU and Chinese power in the global market, he would have to start playing under a new rulebook.As such his business empire has only survived this long for three reasons: the perception that his business is successful which attracts investors and drives speculation, his attempts to nickel and dime payment on contracting/fines/taxes, and the fact that he is constantly moving from one real estate investment to the next around the world. So he tries to shore up his legacy by running for President believing it is a win win. If he loses the Presidency, he can spin that loss off into a furtherance of his brand. He could start a network as was rumored or spin it off into the favor of those businesses and companies who disfavor Democrats in power. If other countries and companies didn't like US foreign or economic policy, he could play it off like well if I were President things would be better off for you perhaps greasing the wheels with businesses and countries he couldn't have sweet talked before. And if he won, well then he could passively let the prestige of being President further his brand or actively enact policies that favored his businesses both at home and abroad.Which is why he probably cannot release his tax returns. It would destroy the very reputation he is trying to salvage by running for president.But now he is learning that the President is not some imperial authoritative ruler that many conservatives and/or Republicans in power claimed Obama was all the time. He cannot just sit back and occasionally flick a pen or schmooze people with his brand name to get what he wants. And he cannot mitigate the consequences as effectively as he could before because the ripple effect of his actions don't just affect his business empire but all business empires and that he is not able to just push people around in the courts like he used to because now he is apart of the government system he used to duck and dodge.
That's it. He doesn't give a fuck about the big bribes coming in from Russia becoming public, he's worried about people finding out he's worth far less than he lets on
And what would begin the end game there? An objective review of what he has offered the country as the executive branch leader?
His taxes are a potential avenue for hard evidence of a Russian connection to his businesses, which would hard for him to dodge.
Any chance he said that to rile up some of his colleagues?I'm not intimidated by Trump! I'll show him!Or some equally juvenile, but probably effective on Congress, maneuver?
send in the inquisition
Putin: Okay.
It's a [tiny hat,] (https://youtu.be/V7NLj_aWH08) still not very appetising though. 
Lol 
If you don't like what he has to say, then debate with on what he has said. Arbitrarily dismissing someone's opinions, no matter how much you disagree with or even hate their opinions is no way to go about understanding both sides of the argument. If you can't understand where the other side is coming from, how can you ever hope to change their opinions or even reach a compromise?
Grab 'em by the binders!
> Democrats being so polite.calling LBJ... calling LBJ to the thread.... 
Well? Have you taken the time to call your representative and tell them so?
If the Republicans want to try a million times to repeal the Affordable Care Act than the Democrats can at least try this once.
This is it, right here.  Being polite essentially equates to be walked on, in today's world.Fuck that nonsense!  Grab a hold of whatever tools are at your disposal, and use them until they break.  Then find new weapons, and use those. We no longer live a world where politeness, understanding, and conversation, can carry us through.  It's time to bust out the heaviest guns you can, and burn shit to the ground.
 At least with Romney or McCain you could say, yes we are opposition, but we can work with them for the good of the nation.But this is different. What Trump is choosing to do is evil. A line must be drawn.
Grab him by the pussy!
Yeah. This. You guys are going to see your party shrivel up and die if you don't start getting down in the dirt and hurting people.The president got to where he is by running the trashiest campaign in fucking history. The guy brought rape accusers of his opponents' husband to a fucking presidential debate.And now whatever his policy is will bring the day.edit: i am talking about hurting people politically. destroy his career as our president would say.
>Basically, everyone is expecting someone else to deal with it and so, in usual Democrat fashion, no one will deal with it until it gets really bad. You sure that its not because they *can't* do anything about it? Republicans control both houses and therefore all of the committees within.To have this go through, you would need to get 5 out of 24 Republicans on the Ways and Means Committees to agree. Sounds easy right?Well no, unless I am mistaken, you also have to flip the Committee Chairman (Kevin Brady of Texas) which actually makes it significantly harder (I may be wrong, its been years since I've studied Congress but I believe chairman has the ultimate say as to what issues they address).For once, I don't think this is democrats procrastinating like usual; procedurally, they lack the ability to do anything other than protest.
Also setting a precedent. Even Democrats talking about it is enough for Republicans to justify actually doing it.That's how they argued obstructing Merrick Garland as a Supreme Court nominee. They cried about how Biden entertained the idea of doing it in 1992 and said that it must be perfectly fine and ethical for them to actually do it.
Here is a link all the members of the Ways & Means Committee. Give them a call, and let them know how you feel. Phone Calls are easy. Leave it on speaker until they pick up. https://waysandmeans.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee/
That's true, Brady is the Republican chair of that committee. But it does give me hope that he has been criticized heavily for compromising with Pres. Obama in the past. And though there are seven more republicans than democrats on that committee, they do not hold a supermajority. (I don't know how they hold votes in that committee)
Exactly! The presidency is not about polishing your resume for the year before you get elected to the highest office in the land.The leader of our country should also be the one willing to be held to the highest standards, full stop.
Mock turtle soup
Strawberry soup?
but but but Saudi Arabiaaaa!!! SHARIA LAW!!!!/s
Wow, I thought most of the weird shit was limited to the old testament.
For those wondering, this verse is about rendering unto Caesar that which is Caesar's, and to God that which is God's.It was when Jesus was asked about the taxation policy that was unpopular among the people. He pointed out that the coins that the people carried had Caesar's face on them - they belonged to Caesar, and they should give him back what's his to take. Many religious scholars consider these verses to be a treatise by Jesus to keep church things separate from state things. So, some religious leaders are in favor of church/state separation - this is one of the verses they cite to show that Jesus felt it should be separate too.
Lodge seems like a pretty great dude.  He is doing tremendous things.  We should make sure he gets recognized for all of his hard work.
Trump wouldn't want to be outdone by the LOSER who lost his presidency! 
Shit, he hasn't paid taxes in 30 years at least. Gotta be in the millions.
I think it is more him desperately trying to hide how leveraged his companies are.  How depressing would it be to find out the shit head has a negative net worth.
And his vice president Agnew got caught for tax evasion too.
It does look kind of cute.  E.g. the Benghazi Omittee
It's ntentional
Don't give them any ideas.
I think Scalia's corpse is grinning at your suggestion
Well, it is a good argument. If corporation are people, they are just ordinary citizens, right?
Or run for elected office
Right. FOIA is hardly an unknown law
Yeah, but he's been hosting people at his golf course openly. We already know he has a stake in that club. Yet he brazenly does it anyway. His supporters could not care less about conflicts of interest as long as he continues to spew out toxic waste. He is so full of shit, and anyone who thinks otherwise needs to drop the bullshit persecution complex, and wake up. I know about the emulumants clause, but I'm not confident in our ability to actually prosecute him without interference from ol' racist Jeff Sessions. Once Trump is done dismantling our country to the Republicans satisfaction, they will swoop in and push him out. Until then, we have to cross our fingers that tiny hands Trump doesn't get his feelings hurt, and decides to nuke someone. 
Does it matter? You have Chaffetz quite literally stating the president, under the law, is exempt from conflict of interest laws,
> Fake CongressGiven their recent confirmation votes, I'm not sure I disagree with this one.
IRS. Very Bad.
>Fake returnsWarmer.
Considering Ted Cruz again pushed that absurd canard that he wanted to 'Abolish the IRS' during the Sanders debate the other night, I'm sure this wouldn't be too far off. 
I happen to know the auditors and they are absolutely wonderful people wonderful people. They've told me the facts that my tax returns were the biggest in history.
Fake America! SAD.
>so called IRS so called congress so called tax return Ftfy   
IRS, I'LL SEE YOU IN COURT!!! - because that how it works obviously. 
But it can take them to the Grand Canyon 
Lol
even harder to stand up from a hoverroid.
In your fantasy, can they still get leaked even after he steps down?
I'll take What does Trump and the Pentagon have in common? for $500, Alex! 
I think the guy is referring to he is a fraud as businessman and not really a billionaire. The fact he has issues getting loans should tell you that already though.
Wasn't 'Trump University' a clear-cut fraud? If not, why did he settle out of court with the disgruntled students who sued him? And for how much? Tax-deductible, of course.)
You are correct. I think the downvotes are because people think your a Trump supporter by bringing up valid points that don't go against Trump. This sub needs to be better than that. I still even see progressives get blasted on here for daring to suggest that the Democratic party needs to also look inwardly as to why they lost the election. People don't want to do that, though. They want to stick with the strategy of hoping Trump crashes and burns while amplifying everything bad about him. I voted for Clinton, I think everything about Trump is abhorrent, and I am legitimately scared about what he might do to this over 4 years. But we also need to be realistic about what's happening. If the pussy tape didn't damage Trump, he could very easily win again in 4 years if Democrats don't change and just continue to hope that he screws up enough to lose the election.While I'll be relieved if Trump loses in 4 years, if a corporate Democrat wins, I won't be happy either, and I'll be concerned about the prospect that another Trump may come along with a little more charisma and far more damaging policies. 
He's a fraud in that he is not some business genius and his tax returns would prove terrible of a business man he really is.
People think they're going to see a line in his tax return marked Money from Russia, but they aren't. Still, I would love to compel those tax returns just to humiliate and discredit him. Certainly there's something embarrassing in there, but even if not, he'd be embarrassed by losing this battle.
Tax fraud. As Obama has stated, the IRS is critically underfunded due to legislation.  Going after billionaires and multimillionaires, especially overseas, is difficult to impossible.
Probably his tax returns would tie him to otherwise opaque ownership structures in tax havens. Once you tied him you'd have home for his dodgy deals with various OC figures and sanctioned or otherwise dubious regimes. 
That would be awesome. Because the courts would shred that and it would set boundaries are the currently nebulous power of EOs.So, yeah, not gonna happen. His advisers finally talked some sense into him regarding the immigration EO's strength in court and consequences of losing, so they'd probably be able to convince him on this.
With any luck that would piss off the IRS enough to just leak them. 
They would call it fake news and forget about it.
How do you find out when these townhalls are going on?
I guess you could quote the law and tell your representative that you want to see Trumps tax returns as you believe he is not working for the countries best interests, but his own. A tax return could refute or support that claim. It's just about seeing it.
I contacted my senator, Richard Blumenthal, about Trump's tax returns shortly before the inauguration, through the contact information provided on his office website. Every single US congressman has an email and phone number that can be used to access them. Google is your friend here.As an example of what their response will look like, here is what Sen. Blumenthal sent me as a response. Unfortunately, I don't have a copy of what I sent, as he has a submission form rather than direct email address:> Dear Mr. _____,> Thank you for your message regarding the recent election. I appreciate hearing from you.  > I am deeply grateful to the people of Connecticut for electing me to a second term as your Senator. I have dedicated my career to fighting for Connecticut, and I am honored to be able to continue this work.  > While I am disappointed by the outcome of the presidential election, I am steadfastly committed to taking action and speaking out when the President-elects actions and policies undercut and discredit the goal of unifying and healing our country or run counter to our states interests. The next President must demonstrate a commitment to advancing the interests of all Americans. I have grave concerns about some of the actions the President-elect has taken and several of the advisers he has named.    > For example, I am deeply concerned about the prospective appointment of Steve Bannon, who has run a website that deals in racist, xenophobic, anti-Semitic, and misogynistic language, to a senior position in the next Presidents administration. Although I have no direct authority over this White House staff appointment, as it does not require Senate confirmation, I have publicly urged the President-elect to reverse his decision to hire Mr. Bannon. I have also expressed my clear opposition to several of the President-elects nominees for Cabinet positions that do require Senate confirmation, including Tom Price for Secretary of Health and Human Services and Scott Pruitt for Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. > I will continue to pressure the next presidential administration to act for the betterment of all Americans. I am prepared to work with the President-elect when he pursues policies that benefit Connecticut, our country, and our communities, including veterans issues, national defense, and rebuilding our roads, bridges, and other infrastructure. > During this time of dramatic transition in Washington, I pledge to continue to put Connecticut first. I am fighting to keep faith with veterans, protect consumers, guarantee equal pay for equal work, and ensure health care for all who need it. I will be a passionate voice for sensible gun violence prevention measures. I will continue to advocate for womens health care, for immigrants, for LGBT protection, for a healthy environment, and much more. > I believe that we are the greatest nation in the world because we build bridges, not walls. We celebrate our diversity. We defend working men and women and families. My hope for the next Congress and the President-elect is that we will be true to the American values that make the United States the greatest country in the worldand that we will work to make it even greater.> Thank you again for your message. Please feel free to contact me in the future with any additional questions or concerns.> Sincerely,Richard BlumenthalUnited States Senator
https://www.indivisibleguide.com/ is a really great place to start!
Except Benghazi was a completely manufactured controversy. 
Republicans in gerrymandered districts are still vulnerable to primary challenges.
Seriously. Jesus, we're only a month in and it feels like a year. 
tres commas
I think he cares about the appearance and his friends care about the legalities.
And not only that, his wealth is all based on lones, tax exemptions, and inheritance from his father 
Net worth is a thing. The bank owns his properties. Ultimately, his assets vs debits determine his wealth.  I think his shame is that he didn't pay taxes at all due to creative accounting. That will piss people off.
He is leveraged to the hilt.  I have a feeling that he has a negative net worth which is one of probably a few reasons why he does not want his tax returns out there.
If he leveraged those from all of his bankruptcies, he'd still own them but wouldnt technically be a billionaire.
He's and his holding companies are leveraged to hell. That's why he's declared bankruptcy so often and can't get any loans anymore. It's not a viable long term business strategy and doesn't mean he has a high net worth, just that he is very aggressive and reckless.
Oh, you have proof he owns these properties?  Like tax returns?
You know a tax return is not going to tell you how rich he is right, its a snapshot of income activity over the last 365 day tax period
The worst thing that they could show is how poor he might actually be. His supporters admire him for being incredibly rich and if his finances are in the shitter then it goes a long way to show him as the snake oil salesman that he's so obviously is
>  I often wondered why HRC never offered to release the speeches if he would just release his taxes.I was under the impression she did that. Am I wrong?
I'm guessing Deep Throat decided to take his chances for the good of the nation. More people need to take a stand against state actors who engage in corrupt , unethical and unlawful conduct. I did. It wasn't fun, it wasn't easy, and I spent time in jail. But I would do it again in a heartbeat because I refuse to tolerate government misconduct. Grow a pair, eh?
Or there really isn't anything that bad in them. Sure, some embarrassing stuff, something Trump really doesn't want everyone to know. But a silver bullet? Probably not. So it's reasonable a person isn't willing to put his or her neck on the line so the tabloids have something to crow about for a week. 
Pickles will prevail!
Lol justice, you act like republicans aren't running the country right now.
By any means necessary! 
I do not think anyone is implying that he has assasination contracts in his tax returns.But rather that he has lost way more money and has way more general conflics of interest than anyone would expect. Not that he is just buying hookers and offing people left and right 
Oh what we wouldn't give for an anchor baby jesus.
> So he tries to shore up his legacy by running for President Although he has talked about running for President for decades, I bet [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8TwRmX6zs4) has something to do with it too.
Your penultimate paragraph pretty well sums it up.  He would be seen as the phony he is in my opinion.
His colleagues are sufficiently riled up, this is to poke at the other side of the isle to get enough to come over to make this a majority issue...Historically parties didn't vote in whole blocks as they do now. They represented their districts and states, not a party as much. Pascrell is just adding to the steady drumbeat of rational people on both sides are hoping will break the hard wall of block voting.
Good idea, no one will expect it.
It's perfectly fine to arbitrarily dismiss white supremacists. They have absolutely nothing intelligent to say. And we completely understand where they're coming from. They're terrified of brown people.
You'd like me to debate and compromise with someone that frequently posted in a subreddit that recently aimed to 'run the numbers' to disprove the holocaust. That's going to be a hard pass for me, I'd rather just get it out there that these same people have proliferated in these subs now that altright is gone. 
Make Tax returns great again!Grab him by the binders!Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again  just watch. He can do much better!
What's in those binders? Is it women? Know what women have? Pussies, which you can also grab them by. Double fist that shit.
When you're a congressman they let you do it
Shit, if LBJ were alive, he'd be jerking Trump up by his ears!
What's LeBron gonna do?
What does LeBron James have to do with anything? I need to know how Ja feels about this.   
Actually yes, good point. I have the exact same frustrations a /u/FloydIV, but if I don't do anything about it I should shut up. Time to make a phone call.
I called my two shit stains over the confirmations of Devos and Sessions. Burr and Tillis gave 0 shits.
>You sure that its not because they *can't* do anything about it? Republicans control both houses and therefore all of the committees within.Literally anybody who was against Obama during his terms certainly found ways. *If* Trump is or will do damage, I am certain there are ways to impede him as well.>To have this go through, you would need to get 5 out of 24 Republicans on the Ways and Means Committees to agree. Sounds easy right?No, no it does not. It might if a middle-ground still reasonably existed in politics.>For once, I don't think this is democrats procrastinating like usual; procedurally, they lack the ability to do anything other than protest. Thing is, not all Republicans are for the GOP or Trump. Perhaps the few that would help do not due to fear from some Clinton-esque revenge. Perhaps Putin and Trump are butt-buddies and our leaders *ahem* worry that may cause some X or Y? I am being vague on purpose because none of us know if there is a plan, we just know what we have been told by some source or another. Edit: I apologize for my somewhat confusing sentence structure, bit distracted and can't be bothered to fix it. 
Committee votes are resolved by majority. A bunch of Democrats on a committee can make some noise but they can't effectively *force* anything.
McConnell's Last Supper
Do you like Banana's? Yes i do, Yes i do.  Do you like Soup? Yes i do, Yes i do.  ... Do you like Banana soup?  Urgh! Yukky...    I have to listen to this song everyday because of my daughter 
Nope. Christians choose to use the passages from the old testament to hate gays, but socially/economically, women didn't magically have a better lot in life c. 50AD
And he's a snappy dresser
Just tremendous. The best things. Just, the best. He is a great hombre believe me. One of the greatest. THE greatest. Nobody better. WOW! #MAGA
Well technically he didn't lose it, he gave it up. Trump really could go down in history as the first Republican President to be impeached and the first President of any party convicted. MAGA!
Per year maybe
Give it time. You'll get there.
Citizens pay taxes and go to jail when they don't.
Just you wait until Goldman Sachs is *literally* running for office.
>  His supporters could not care less about conflicts of interest This is the key to Trumps army.  They all have things that one group or another doesn't care about when its all added up, all the groups are clearly in conflict and the most outstanding promise Trump has made - that he's for the working man is the greatest lie.They also don't care about things that Trump cares about.  Like that he's a minority president.  Many of his moves are to prevent himself from feeling or facing the embarrassment that he lost the vote and not just slightly but by several million.So we see a lot of furtive maneuvers on his part to block that knowledge so he - his ego doesn't have to face the rejection.
I think we have to worry about Chaffetz's mental condition here. Thanks.
You can thank Harry Reid and the nuclear option for that circus. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Or considering how many of them are only in office due to Republican gerrymandering.
Those ladies looked so happy in that commercial. I'm sure the viewers of the commercials would be as happy to visit their grandkids. 
Hoverroid: When your hemorrhoids become so large, you just sit on them and ride them around with our patented set of wheels!  Hey Earl! There must be a giant slug around somewhere, look at this trail...  Naw, it's just someone on their Hoverroid.  Well that's *just fantastic*
They do in mine. :)
In my fantasy he was never President.In 1964 the US lost the Second War of 1812, popularly known as Tim Horton's War and it's conqueror, The Dominion of Canada, imposed social democracy, free health care, and strict separation of church and state on their new subjects. Schools are well funded and children are taught how to recognize conmen and bullshit artists.Also every citizen is entitled to one free coffee and donut of their choice per year at all participating restaurants. Mmmm, birthday donut.
To be fair, the Pentagon knows exactly where the money goes.
> I think the guy is referring to he is a fraud as businessman and not really a billionaire.Ok, so let's say somehow the tax returns show that...How would that bring him down? Lots of embarassing stuff from Trump has shown up.
Tax returns show income, not the value of your assets.
Let me be more clear. If he was a tax fraud, the IRS would already know...since...yknow...they have the tax returns. Any other type of fraud wouldn't show up on tax returns.
consequences of losing?
Look up your local indivisible group, call and ask, look for other local political groups. There's usually Facebook groups you can join where people post stuff like that. 
>he has a submission form rather than direct email addressThe form makes it easier to generate the automatic reply. This way they don't have to guess your name/title for things like this:> Dear Mr. _____,
5calls.org will give you call scripts about different, important issues.
And the Yemen raid is actually a controversy, but discussing it is insulting to the fallen seal. Fucking hypocrisy.
Every Democrat in the country should be registering republican long before the election. Also,  getting valid id because the Republicans are sure to start tightening voting laws.
less than a month
These are not the doors of a billionaire!!!https://youtu.be/IJIAOosI6js
Sadly, it won't He said during the debates that finding loopholes in taxes makes him smart, and those who support him believe that's a good thing too.
How do you know the back owns the properties?  You're certain they aren't assets?
Yes, I know that. 
In the arrival it said they were looking for 10 years of returns.
Sure. But why not? That's never stopped other Presidential candidates.
Yes, second debate I think. And he broke out the audit excuse. Actually, calling it an excuse is generous. It was really a slap to the face of the American public. 
> It wasn't fun, it wasn't easy, and I spent time in jail.What whistle did you blow, if you don't mind my asking?
That was before keylogging biometric computers.
Do an AMA!
That was awesome 
 It's perfectly fine to arbitrarily dismiss Islamists. They have absolutely nothing intelligent to say. And we completely understand where they're coming from. They're terrified of non-Islamic people. Does this sound rational to you? Would you be willing to lump together every person of the Islamic faith in the same group of suicide bombers and cultish zealots? Is everyone who has ever posted to /r/Islam part of a terror sleeper cell? How can you hope to fight against the fallacy of stereotyping when you are so actively promoting the very practice but against a different group? Not every commenter in /r/Islam is a terrorist and not every commenter in /r/altright is a neo-nazi.
If the numbers aren't wrong, then why be afraid to examine them? If the sources are wrong, then point it out. You don't have to agree with anything /r/altright has to say, but to blindly dismiss what they have to say without examining the argument makes you as intolerant as you paint your opponents to be.
What with his obsessing about Kristen Stewart and obsessing with Rosie O'Donnell, he really seems to get hooked on lesbians.
Don't you dare threaten me with a good time.
It's just  accountant talk.
I always felt like Kennedy got the credit LBJ deserved on the whole civil rights thing. That's not really my era of history though so maybe I'm wrong. I'd take Ladybird's corpse at this point over the last two candidates we had.... 
If LBJ were alive, he'd have already mushroom slapped Trump and then nailed Ivanka.
That took me a long 30 seconds to get ... 
He's gonna ask for a foul.
You get 'em /u/AmericanMustache.But it's Saturday night, maybe wait til Monday?
I'm a very nervous caller, but I've made quite a few calls to senators and house members. I have a list of numbers and a script that I use to make sure I don't get off topic. I don't read the script straight up but as a guideline. It helps with my nervousness and helps me remember exactly why I'm calling.
5calls.orgYou simply put in your zip code and choose the issues that are important to you. The site then provides you with the phone numbers of your elected officials! They even have a script to use if you're like me and get flustered on the phone. 
> Literally anybody who was against Obama during his terms certainly found ways. If Trump is or will do damage, I am certain there are ways to impede him as well.The Republicans gained control in the 2010 midterms.  From 2008-2010 they were able to delay things a lot because Obama was desperate to try and get some degree of Republican buy-in for ACA, and because Democrats only had the *exact* number of votes necessary to override a filibuster (letting people like Lieberman dramatically set the agenda by threatening to defect.)
Do you like popcorn? Yes I do. Yes I do.Do you like pizza? Yes I do. Yes I do.Do you like popcorn pizza? No I don't. Yucky!I also have a toddler.
I know that song well. Banana soup doesn't sound that bad.
I've come to the conclusion that if the bible is right we're all going to hell, Christians included. They clearly don't care what the bible says unless it happens to fit their viewpoint. There is not one Christian I've met that seems to actually have an understanding of what's written in their religious text. That's not to say I hate Christians, but I get really irritated at them sometimes.
The Real MAGA. 
Democracy's healthier when  a 40-person minority can't freeze the entire Legislative branch indefinitely. It's the American public who fucked up by giving the entire Legislative and Executive branches to the same party at the same time.
Republicans were intentionally shutting down the government for personal gain.  Blaming Reid for choosing the only option he had is stupid.It's like backing someone into a corner and forcing them to pull a gun, then 8 years later robbing a liquor store at gunpoint and blaming it on the guy who defended himself for setting the precedent.
You really think they wouldn't have done this either way?! 
Koch brothers throatfucked these teapartiers on the Midwest. Here we are.
oh man, this is hot. 
Are you subbed in /r/worldbuilding by any chance?
You don't actually think they spend $20,000 on a hammer, $30,000 on a toilet seat, do you?
For real. It's all just accounting tricks to keep the classified budget fudged. The public (and therefore the enemy) can't know the budget because it gives away a lot of information. So they inflate the rest of the defense budget.
Embarrassment is Trump's worst fear. Not being validated by people will tear him apart internally. Why do you think he has to constantly tell people how great he is? I don't know if that will bring him down but I sure as hell will enjoy it. 
I'll be straight up. I think there are monetary contributions from foreign entities that would be considered exceptionally damning
Trump isn't embarrassed about that stuff though. If is revealed he isn't actually a successful businessman and not a billion that would be a giant blow to his ego. It also destroys the argument that a lot of his supporters use that is is a good businessman. I think the bigger thing would be if there are ties to Russia, that would fuck him. I don't know if being proved a fraud and not a billionaire would bring him down but it would be the absolute biggest blow to his ego
I am not sure if it would bring him down as the other poster said, but I do believe it would go a long way in negating arguments his supporters use to justify their support of him by;1)showing the amount of money he owed to banks around the world  2)showing in real numbers his failures3)showing his obligations to foreign powers through, income and payouts4)showing that he has continuously lied about his own personal wealth and growth5)showing that he is still very much connected to his businesses6)showing the amount of money in gifts he has received from his campaign and before from private people If anything were capable of bringing him down it would have to be the breaking of the emoluments clause, and his returns would prove that. Even if all these things came to light, I'm not sure his supporters would sway their undying devotion to him for even a second. They love him in a saviour type way. That's not something people get dissuaded from easily.  
Agree with you.  His boys would just howl fake news and head to the next Alex Jones event.
His money is his power in his mind. The only reason he was famous in the first place was  because he's a billionaire (I truly don't believe he is). He lives off debt that he charges to his corporations then files for bankruptcy, restructures and starts over again.
>How would that bring him down?Conjecture, but I'd be willing to bet that he'd rather step down as president than let people know he's not a billionaire. When they were doing the roast of Donald Trump the very first thing he said was that no one was allowed to joke about him not being as rich as he said he was. He literally couldn't stand to even hear a joke about it much less let everyone know it was true.
> Let me be more clear. If he was a tax fraud, the IRS would already knowThat's patently false. The IRS often has trouble going after people that hide their money in shell accounts such as those backed by hostile foreign governments, and the defunding of the IRS after the election of Trump just exacerbates this issue.Making it public *would* allow the public to lend a hand in the investigation.
I see your point.
yes, as in losing in court over an EO would create further boundaries around the power of EOs
Basically every court ruling creates precedence. Currently the only thing that has occurred has been the court has basically denied throwing this out of court. If Trump pushes forward heh there will be an official ruling and that could be used for reference on future rulings for EOs.
You know, it's awful hypocrisy, but it's fucking beautiful. Gaslighting, when done well, is a force to be reckoned with. I'm beginning to think that we'll never get out of this shit because people are already so brainwashed by lines of logic like these ones.. which Democrats are nowhere near cynical or self-serving enough to use.
Seriously, how has it only been 3 weeks? I feel like it'd been at least a few months. 
This guy fucks
This guy fucks!
So 5 percent unemployment causes 'economic anxiety' in red state and rural voters but watching 30 percent of their income taken by the evil government to make up for tax cheats is perfectly fine? Naww they'll get pissed too come tax day.
It's more likely the bank owns the majority of those properties than him owning the majority of them. That's the more likely scenario with any real estate business man, but especially with one who has trouble getting loans.So in that case the burden of proof would be on someone to show that he owns more than the banks.
Police misconduct, judicial misconduct, and a municipality's decision to conspire to cover up a felony committed by my ex, a government official. They violated my Constitutional Rights... not to mention intentionally bankrupting me so I could not retain Counsel for my appeals and my federal case.
Whistle was his football coach's nickname. 
My story is way too complex for an AMA. I spent three years fighting my case in the state circuit court and then filed and argued a 42 USC, Section 1983 and 1985 case in the USDC as a pro se, informa pauperis litigant. It all began as a post divorce case. My ex is a state actor. Need I say more. 
Likely his fetish outside of incest.
And his obsession with using ...like a dog for everything that he thinks is the worst.
Someone like tRUMP is obsessed with lesbians because he has nothing they want. This makes him insecure about his power over any woman. We already know tRUMP has issues with insecurity. 
Who isn't obsessed with Kristen Stewart? 
I don't make threats
LBJ certainly thought so.  He also thought he deserved JFK's reputation as a ladies' man...
LBJ was definitely instrumental in pushing the Civil Rights Act through, but the wheels were greased a good deal by JFK's expressed interest in it and the political goodwill that comes with being assassinated
Hmmm it's debatable but if you watch movies about the Civil Rights Era they largely IMO attribute it to King and LBJ.
Live from New York....
Yes, filibustering is anti-democratic. Unless it's Rand Paul doing it to prevent the passage of legislation that represents significant attacks on the 4th Amendment and privacy, or when that Texas state senator does it to prevent legislation that would effectively ban abortion, in which case it is performed by admirable civil servants looking out for the US citizen.The filibuster is a useful tool, and Reid's end around to subvert the usual nomination process didn't even stop filibusters, it just made them basically not apply to nomination processes. Sure, that worked for the Democrats at that point, but now I'm certain that they are somewhat less satisfied with DeVos and Sessions being confirmed.
It's more like you're about to leave your house, and some morbidly obese man is sitting on your porch. Excuse me, you say, I'd like to go do my job. NO! shrieks the man. I WILL NOT MOVE. NOT UNTIL I HURT YOU. I DONT LIKE YOU AND I WANT TO HURT YOU. And you think, man, I really need to leave, what can I do to get past him? So you get a ladder and lean it up against his corpulent, sweaty back, and begin to climb over. And then you're surprised when he gets up and knocks the ladder over and fucking bashes your skull in the ground because you couldn't think about the possible consequences of your actions more than four seconds into the fucking future. 
Republicans have 52 seats, they'd need 60 to confirm under the old rules. It's not that they wouldn't have wanted to, it's that they'd have to have nominees that were somewhat palatable to the some Democrats simply to pick up the requisite votes
Yeah - I came already. I can admit it.
My God, this is a thing! Glorious. 
I probably should be.The 2016 electoral lineup is:Hillary Clinton of the right wing Democratic-Republican Party, who seeks a return to the ways of pre-war 1960s America, neoliberal economic policies, and a hawkish foreign policy which includes secession from the North American Commonwealth.The American Union Party is lead by Eugene Debs' brain preserved in a cyborg body. The body was built in the 1930s so physically he looks kinda like a steampunked version of the Tin Man from The Wizard of Oz. They favor what in the fantasy universe would be considered moderate center-left policies, including serious cooperation with China and other states in finding a solution to sustainable energy sources and climate change.Donald Trump never became a national figure because his father lost his fortune in the early 70s due to Canadian occupiers busting him for racial segregation. Donald Trump went on to become owner of sketchy used car dealership, the one everyone in town who knows anything about cars warns their friends about. The one that only hires attractive women so the owner can flirt with them. The one your shy new-to-the-area girlfriend goes to for an oil change and gets talked into $700 of bullshit and you have to go down and yell at the owner but nothing comes of it because what he did was technically legal.Except those dealerships wouldn't exist because you can just buy your cars directly from the manufacturer so Trump goes out of business and ends up like green tracksuit Biff.
Yeah when Trump did the Comedy Central roast his one condition was that nobody insinuate he was anything less than a billionaire. His bank account is his armor and it may not even be what he claims it is, as defensive as he is. 
Maybe it would make him over compensate for his shortcomings even further. Maybe it would make him an even worse President. 
The thing is to his supporters it won't even matter. Abortion and gun people will support the R no matter what. Obama was right about the cling to their bible and guns.
I think you are mistaken.That's the most embarrassing thing that could happen to him.That guy is so much in need of money that he degraded himself to show his birth certificate as proof that his father was not a monkey, and then degraded himself even more to sue for the 5 million that were promised to him for that proof.Who the fuck would do this.
Firstly, what do you mean by bring him down. Maybe we disagree based on that alone.>I think the bigger thing would be if there are ties to Russia, that would fuck him. The FBI/CIA have access to his tax returns. You know that right? Just because they aren't *public*, doesn't mean they don't exist. If there is something incriminating, that will occur regardless of if they are public or not.
Exactly. I mean it's fun to fantasize, but when you fantasize and downvote everyone who disagrees, you are still just in fantasy land. I'd prefer to stay in reality.
Yep. Trump would forever be known as the case people reference whenever something regarding EO's come up. Especially with the Supreme court. Trump would be the next Roe V Wade and congress would actually have to do its job. 
>3 weeks...and 1 day. 
If you subscribe to the idea of the [temporarily embarrassed millionaire](http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-socialism-never-took-root-in-america-because-the-poor-see-themselves-not-as-an-exploited-john-steinbeck-42-89-46.jpg), you would see that they would also try to dodge taxes *when* (*cough* if) they get rich. I think this election has shown once again that people do not alway vote for their best interests.
Got a link?  Not really whistleblowing if you didn't expose it to the public or press... sounds a lot more like a nasty breakup from what you just said.
I'm gonna show you how to do it  And we start real slow  You just put your lips together  And you come real close  
And you know... water sports
I make promises. 
Where do you think Johnson became a nickname for a penis?
It was that or leave hundreds of spots unfilled.
Only once? So many crispy socks over here.
Not possible, by far.
Not to his base supporters but there are plenty of his voters out there that would mind a great deal.
Plenty of gun people are registered Dems. Hell, I'm politically centrist on firearms myself. There's a reason gun control has never *really* caught on at a national level, and it's entirely because while the Republicans are nigh-monolithic on firearms, Dems are fairly evenly split. I legitimately on conservatism think it's mostly abortion, with gay-bashing and a hint of racism for older folks, anti-feminism and smashing the welfare state for the younger ones, and nationalism bringing up the rear for both. Which, fairness to them on abortion, if I was convinced literal mass murder was happening, I'd single-issue vote on that too. The problem comes in when they can't accept, even when presented with evidence, that fetuses aren't people by any reasonable definition.
it would matter if he had recent dealings with someone we consider an enemy, particularly an arab one that he had worked them up to a froth against.
Trump would likely go off the deep end enough to be clinically labeled insane, and have to be removed. If the alt-white house tweets are valid, and there really are these grumblings by people around him that we've heard about - he's 95% the way there. This would simply push him over the edge. That's what it means.
Who's to say they are investigating the returns or that they would act if they found anything?  Public scrutiny is necessary so we can know for ourselves.  If there is anything truly suspicious that became public knowledge, it would pressure Congress to do something about it.I doubt anything short of an illegal act would bring him down though.  I've lost count at this point of how many times we've said that now.  
I didn't say it would bring him don't I'm guessing what  the other guy meant. I know the FBI has access, it will be a bigger blow to his public image to know he has loans to Russian sources. I think parts of the dossier being considered firmed are a bigger concern than tax returns in terms of impeachment.
The FBI/CIA had a look see, and they'd probably act on anything illegal. But even if he's all legal, there's lots of things that could still get him into hot water with Congress and the public. 
I would like to reference USA vs Trump Which one?The one from his first year in office.Ok, so you have narrowed it down to 35 cases...
It's on PACER. And if I gave you my case number, I would no longer be anonymous. Oh, I tried to get the press to cover it. You need to read posts on /r/TickTockManitowoc. The govt argued the same thing you are suggesting. They failed in that argument and I prevailed on the govt's motion for summary judgment. 
and jerking off to pictures of himself
Bernie Sanders continues to keep his word and spread a message of hope and revolution. Love that man, his campaign and continued activism for justice has inspired many Canadians of all ages! Hope more Americans come together for democracy and hold Trump's feet to the fire. The Dems have to take Bernie's lead and not be afraid to come off a little rough and tumble, this rare rule should have been looked deeply into before Trump was sworn in, really now.
Decades before LBJ was born.  From the same source as jock. :-)
There's an argument to be made that government gridlock, while costly in many many ways, is better than an incredibly fast and active legislature if said legislature is close enough to a split not to be able to stop filibusters.The problem is that this is only true when the legislature is truly representative of its electorate. When that is not the case you have a problem on your hands.
Ok, well NOW I came a few more times.
I consider myself a liberal and even I support responsible gun ownership and use.Also, spot on with the abortion bit
Ew.  Now I need to take up some serious drug habit to erase this from my memory.  Thanks a lot. 
TIL me and trump jerk off to similar things
The funny bit is that Sanders is an independent senator. He attached to the Democratic party only for the presidential primary.He does seem to be more connected to the party now, but he's still officially a loner.
r/unexcitingtruths
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ok, children?What a condescending piece of shit!
The Republican-controlled congressional committees crafting bills to repeal the ACA without a replacement, which would leave tens of millions of Americans without coverage, are actual death panels.
It is amazing to me in his mind getting called out on his lie he calls his own   constituents 'children.' Where in his mind did he think that was a good idea or would play well. 
The death panels are located in Bowling Green. 
What's amazing about this video is looking at who was in attendance at that town hall. It wasn't young, lefty liberal people. It was old, mostly white people. Republicans. Who may be realizing the vehicle they've just been sold is a lemon.
In the old days this kind of ignorance or unwillingness to accept facts made a person unqualified to serve in the office. I'm wondering if his people will work to primary him. It seems like the only way to fix this gerrymandering is for Democrats to register as Republicans and primary all of these assholes
Republicans shot themselves in the foot with a ten ton bazooka. Forget their feet, they've blown everything off. They demonized this program so much yet did absolutely nothing to improve it. People aren't stupid. My God this is satisfying to watch.
With no other way to defend his position he dusted off an old (lie) line. 
Okay children after straight up lying.
Pretty bold to trot that out years after the law has been in effect. Is Obama still secretly president and planning to put conservatives in FEMA camps too?
Where is that old video where Jon Stewart interviewed somebody who actually made this death panel lie? Should recirculate it again.
I just emailed his office asking where it says in the ACA that death panels exist or if where I can find them in the outlined in Obamacare so we can prove it exists and that liberals are out there to take livesThis should be fun
These are the real death panelshttp://ir.antheminc.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=130104&p=irol-govboardawhttps://www.antheminc.com/Investors/CorporateGovernance/Leadership/ExecutiveLeadership/index.htmhttps://www.aetna.com/about-us/corporate-governance/board-of-directors.htmlhttps://www.cigna.com/about-us/corporate-governance/board-of-directorshttps://main.myconnecticare.com/about-connecticare/leadership-teamhttp://www.unitedhealthgroup.com/~/media/UHG/PDF/About/UNH-Board-of-Directors.ashx?la=enhttp://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=92913&p=irol-govmanage
Good. The American public getting angry is the first step in fixing this bullshit. I get giddy when I see another one of these Town Hall Meeting ends in boos and jeers posts.
Theyre trying to dust that old lie off again eh? They must be desperate 
Is there anything in the ACA at all about 74 year olds? Or was the entire lie fabricated out of thin air? I've always been curious where it came from
i guess this is what happens with totally over the top gerrymandering. GOP seems actually surprised a majority of people hate them.
Jeez. He calls them *children*. Just... who does that?
>You gotta have choice, ladies and gentleman -BilirakisExcept when it comes to abortions apparently. 
He's telling them what they have to have and calling them children. Clearly he is not interested in what his constituents have to say. Vote that piece of shit out.
I never thought New fucking Port Richey, Florida would have national coverage because of standing against lying Republicans. This is an amazing day for my current home. 
Now Congress is the death panel.
I hope all these people know they can vote this loser out of office  And what a supreme scumbag for trying to garner sympathy for the elderly with that lie about death panels when him and the rest of his party are secretly working to get rid of Medicare
I have to say, seeing Trump lie so often and do so many scumbag things has started to wear me down to the point where I started to think he would never have to take responsibility for his actions. But then I see stuff like this where people call out politicians on their lies and then watching those politicians flounder gives me so much hope.
I wonder if healthcare will be today's food. As in many of the 18th and 19th century revolutions were led by hungry people, and the revolutions of this century will be led by people who were turned away from the hospitals.We have a surplus of food for almost everyone in the current system, but the current system is clearly not providing a sustainable surplus of healthcare. Whatever happens over the next 4 years will be totally owned by the Republicans, and I don't think they're going to pull off a sustainable system. Then they'll have a bunch of sick people who used to have healthcare, and those people will be quite angry.This could be a good thing since the immediate need for food drives violence, while the need for healthcare might be more amenable to nonviolence.
I've always believed America needed to really feel pain before we fundamentally changed as a country to be more empathetic and less ignorant. Something like a massive war that actually took place here. Maybe Trump's presidency will be that pain that finally wakes us up, because these first few weeks have seen some pretty amazing resistance from fairly conservative districts. His presidency will only get worse... so hopefully the resistance only gets stronger.
>Studies indicate repealing the ACA could cost 32 million people their health insurance, reduce U.S. job growth by almost 1.2 million in 2019, and result in between 27,000 and 36,000 preventable deaths each year.If the republicans repeal the ACA, they will literally be murdering thousands of people.  The republicans deserve all the outrage that is directed at them.
I'd like to see that provision they keep alluding to. Like...Pull the same move Bernie Sanders does, print it out and blow it up on a big stock of paper and say THIS IS THE PROVISION so we can see it.But they can't.Because it's a lie.And they bank on people being uninformed and too apathetic to check. But,... people are calling them on their bullshit now. Thank fucking Christ, finally people are calling them on their bullshit.
>You gotta have choice, ladies and gentleman, he said. People should have the opportunity to pay for their own plan based on their own needs.The conceit of the right is that you are only worth what you can achieve on the free market. And if you can't afford healthcare its your own fault, and you're probably sick because of your own moral failings.That it is an extreme tyranny to have to pay for some other persons healthcare, that they are undeserving and probably made themselves sick too.And this is described as choice and freedom.
What if lies suddenly stopped working. That would give the GOP panic induced nightmares for life.
Simple fix with single payer universal healthcare. Republicans could be the heroes where the Democrats failed.Unfortunately, both parties are bought and paid for, and Americans don't have enough common sense to vote them out.
Government deciding who lives and dies: an outrageCorporations deciding who lives and dies: American as apple pie
Liar calls people calling out his lie children. Priceless.
It's not 2011 anymore, mother fuckers.
Hopefully this will happen to Trump at some point and he'll have his [Ceauescu momnt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcRWiz1PhKU).
People do have a choice be uninsured. The consequence is that they have to pay the tax penalty. All choices have consequences. 
Takes a lot of balls to stand in front of a room of senior citizens and call them children after you plainly lied to them.
See... here's the thing.  If there is legitimately a part of the ACA that makes 74 year olds go in front of a death panel and they don't like it.... *remove that part*.  You can write amendments to laws without repealing the entire thing.  The problem is that no such thing exists, this is just an excuse they're using to get rid of things people really like, like the end of lifetime caps and the end of pre-existing conditions excluding them from having insurance.
GOP gonads have had 7 years to come up with an alternate plan.  And they failed.  Instead, we have alternate facts.
>Another opponent of the ACA, Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA), recently said he doesnt want to hold town halls because since Obamacare and these issues have come up, the women are in my grill no matter where I go.Oh, those persistent women! 
The only healthcare death panels in the US are convened by insurance companies whose mission is to deny as many claims as possible.    
It's important for constituents to know when their elected officials are making decisions without knowing the facts. Officials who do that do not deserve to hold elected positions. 
What a blatant fucking lie. And he had the gall to question whether anyone in the crowd had read bill when it's clear he didn't fucking read it; he would have been aware that the death panel provision (utter bullshit) was not included in the ACA bill that actually was passed. 
GOP tries to scare its scared voter base into thinking obamacare is death panels. i was at this townhall. did you read the ACA? theres a death panel provision. ITS BULLSHIT.Everyone called Bill Akins a liar. Billirakis needs to go down with him. Bill Akins is such a huge liar. 
>But Bilirakis who describes himself as a staunch opponent of Obamacare on his websitepersisted in making his case that people should have the choice to be uninsured.  No country ANYWHERE on earth should be priding itself on this. Some things you just cannot negotiate on. Either giver everyone SOME form of health insurance or lower the price overall.  Healthcare keeps a population going, costs down and your country in good shape.  Why anyone would actively oppose this is beyond me.
People don't go to these town halls to hear bullshit.Well...they sort of do.But they expect at least competent levels of FDA approved bullshit.  Sanitized and shrinkwrapped so it doesn't smell so bad.And this guy goes digging around in a house that was condemned and quarantined in 2009.  He literally found the biggest piece of bullshit from the year 2009.  It was only used once before in warfare when it damn near crashed a British Airways plane in 2015.He serves it up to these people.They recoil and gag in disgust.And he says OKAY CHILDREN, EAT YOUR PEAS!Get fucked.
Damn, we gotta do something about this informed electorate.Devos? Any ideas?
When ACA was being introduced they told you folks we had NHS death panels here in the U.K.  Nice to see old untruths being recycled.
Back in the 90s, my wife was between jobs, so she worked through a temp agency who booked people for longer term jobs. She wanted to use the opportunity to try out different jobs, hoping one would make the position permanent. So she got a position with a major health care insurance company, stationed at a desk outside an office as the assistant. Her supervisor's job was to review the files of people who were making claims for catastrophic health issues - cancer, accidents, etc., and find something, anything in their past that would give the company the excuse to deny their claim and cancel their insurance, no matter how long they had been clients or how much they had paid in. These people would have nobody else to turn to, and many were likely to die when their insurance was cancelled. She was literally a one woman death panel.So when Sarah Palin  started lying about death panels, I knew the truth - death panels already existed at the health insurance companies, and their sole reason for existence was to maximize profit at the expense of their customers' lives. The guy in this video just lied to their faces because he knows that the death panel that he's referring to is a consultation with a doctor about things like living wills, DNR orders, and the patient's wishes for end of life care. It is NOT the government making a decision about who lives and who dies. But if we go back to the private system we had, that is exactly what will start happening again, except people will be dying simply for profit.My wife worked at that job for a couple of months, but once she caught on to what was happening, it chafed her soul every day. Of course, that was the company that offered her a permanent position. The money was good, the benefits were great (including health care!), but she didn't want it. She asked me what I thought and I told her it would be wrong to work for a company like that, especially in that position. She never went back, and got a permanent job in the word processing department at a major accounting firm soon after. It was a boring job, but at least she wasn't killing people every day.
Another opponent of the ACA, Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA), recently said he doesnt want to hold town halls because since Obamacare and these issues have come up, the women are in my grill no matter where I goYea man,  thoes are the people that voted for you and who you are supposed to represent....    
What was really amazing was how they got away with the Death Panels thing, especially since they did exist... in the for-profit insurance system.Yeah, we could cover this person's claim of life-saving surgery that wasn't due to any fault of their own and they *have* been a loyal customer for 20 years, but... I really want that bonus this quarter so I can put a gold toilet in my third boat. Denied!If that's not an actual Death Panel, I don't know what is.
I was at this town hall today. That guy was like the 2nd person to speak. He was a jerk and was shouted down. He also argued with a number of other speakers throughout the meetings. The ratio of ACA supporters to non- ACA supporters was about 10:1The place was packed with a bunch of people in the lobby not able to get into the room,
please ensure this man does not win his seat again. 
They love to bring up choice as their solution, but whats the point in having the choice between 6 things they can't afford?
This is the best they can do after 8 years of preparation.
when I was a kid, I would always get taken with my (republican) mother when she went to vote. and she would always phrase it as voting for the good guys, not the bad guys. everyone confused at how republicans get votes: it's because kids get told this shit *for years* by their similarly brainwashed parents, and rarely think to question it. republicans frame themselves as the adults, the good guys, and they get at children early to brainwash themi'm furious with every republican these days, mostly because of their policies. but a still-large component is their utter betrayal and brainwashing of me and my mother.
I see in this thread there's a little confusion.... the white haired guy who thinks death panels are a thing (ugh) is the head of the Pasco County Fl (where this event was held) Republicans. The guy who hosted the town hall is Rep. Gus Bilarakis, who is the heavy set guy in the suit you see. Bilarakis is a Republican and definitely has his mind made up about repealing the ACA, but he isn't quite so condescending as the other guy. Not trying to defend anyone, just want to make sure we're getting facts straight. 
I'm sorry am I in a time warp? I thought this was 2017 not 2009. Did he *really* invoke death panels in 2017 when the gop is in total control? What is going on here. 
What is wrong with these members of Congress? They work for the people. Stop lying! Stop running! Stop hiding! Stop actively doing things that harm your constituents in the name of rhetoric and/or profit. 
Whats this tax and is he lying or something?
Well at least if ACA disappears and is replaced with what will surely be a fuckjob, we can hopefully forget about another republican anything in our lifetime.
Was it the bowling green one ? >_>
But this worked on republicans 4 years ago, I guess is worthy to try again, its funny to see how little respect does this politicians have for their voters 
You would think that after 8 years the GOP would have had time to read the ACA.
The death panel is simply a reference to those that will die from lack of health care once they remove the ACA.
These sorts of stories are heartening and all but will it matter? Will enough of these people actually get out and vote?
How can people like that... representatives! be so condescending and patronizing? While telling lies, no less? Human Garbage.
Soros is paying them to jeer, obviously! /s
Watching the GOP slowly burn is probably one of the only good things about this election.
This is my hometown haha. Im actually feeling pretty proud right now.
Good.I want every healthcare repealer to be sweating bullets while they leave these townhalls, and to be in fear for their safety for a month afterwards.
>Another opponent of the ACA, Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA), recently said he doesnt want to hold town halls because since Obamacare and these issues have come up, the women are in my grill no matter where I go.Good on them. He's such a pussy he can't even face his own constituents. 
Calling me a child would be fighting words you asshat.
Were they brandishing chairs thou!? 
He won with 68% of the vote in November.  He's emboldened to pull this shit. 
if he is willing to stick to his guns and say you guys are wrong. then maybe he should try citing which provision he is talking about. The fact that he refuses to makes him seem both incompetent and unprofessional. 
Death panels??? What year is it. 
This is the norm now. Republicans lie and gain votes because Americans are too stupid to think for themselves.
This is why the best counter to Trump and the GOP is an educated public. Sometimes people just don't know or understand the truth, and they vote their gut---a gut that can be manipulated by the interests of corrupt politicians.
Only 2 possibilities - either the republicans are scum or stupid.  
It's so goddamn stupid it just boggles the mind. I'm required by law to have insurance on my car to get it licensed but I don't need insurance on my body? 
Here we go again fear politics. Is this really the best they can do?
Hey now, if we start calling out every little politician over lies, deception, self-deception, repetitious propaganda points, willful ignorance, and cognitive dissonance, where will it all end?
**ObamaCare Myth: The ObamaCare Death Panels** The concept of death panels, panels that provision health care and decide if you will live or die, is an ObamaCare myth. There is, however, a financial advisory panel that studies treatments to keep health care costs down. There was also a provision in the health care bill that had to be removed due to the rumor of death panels. The provision would have paid doctors for providing voluntary counseling to Medicare patients about wills and end-of-life care options. Removing the provision hurt seniors. Your healthcare is in the hands of you and your doctor. ObamaCare regulates insurance, not health care.The truth is the majority of healthcare spending is on people in the later years of life. Of that spending about 20% on the last 6 months of life. Having someone else decide if you live or die based on cost is wrong (see for-profit health insurance). However, it is equally as wrong to avoid addressing the issue in the first place. Playing politics with the critical issues such as caring for dying patients instead of addressing the issue like adults is unproductive. Some end-of-life care is administered by orders of family members with no clear will or decisions made by the person getting the care. End of life counseling would give the patient freedom of choice.http://obamacarefacts.com/obamacare-myths/
These Republicans are the white shits. Block everything like immigrants and refugees, repeal Obamacare, block public education. What have they created and done so far worth mentioning. If we just block shit and not create anything, us motherfuckers won't have iPhones and Twitter's to use. Dumb fuckers there'd be no such thing as fast pass in Disney world. You all be waiting 2 hrs in line and have 3 rides max a day. Dumb fucks. 
I keep seeing liberal people here on Reddit making comments implying that these Town Halls are influencing these GOP reps.They aren't.Take a look at Chaffetz's comments about the people at his event...
I love how these GOP folks use the argument you should have choices - so choice to have health insurance is ok but a woman's choice to abort a fetus is not? The hypocrisy is strong...
Insurance companies decide who can and cannot have coverage. They hire actuaries to figure out who is most profitable to insure and who can be left to (be uninsured.)The managers of the insurance company sometime work by committee, or panel.We've been living with death panels for years. It only got better under Obamacare.
What a tool to think he could lie to a group of elderly people that at 74 you had to stand in front of death panels  
There was(and still is) a fundamental schism in the republican party, that has essentially removed all moderates from power. The 'Tea Party' was the first sign of this. Republicans know they don't win by majority's, they had to embrace the extreme right wing faction to stay a viable party. What they failed to realize was how much absolute hate and fear their constituents actually want, which lead to their own downfall. Anyone who doesn't walk their line is quickly devoured, leaving only the most unqualified people to acquire power.
Trump_Regrets twitter is full of people who will, essentially, lose their health care. I feel no compassion for these people... they voted their feelings, they made their death bed... they should stand by their vote and die in it.The others, sad situations. :/
This is fucking gold, it's hilarious watching them dig their own political graves. Republicans better get their facts straight and their priorities in the right order if they want to keep their jobs for much longer. People are starting to educate themselves more, because we certainly can't count on our education system to do it anymore. 
The women are in my grill no matter what. Fucking clueless.
I saw that, Chaffetz did not look good IMO, said The President is exempt for conflict of interest I'm a conservative and this rubbed me the wrong way.
The only good thing to really come out of this past election is that more people are getting involved with politics, so at least there's that if nothing else.
At least he has the guts to show up and have town hall meetings still.Not that that absolves the stupidity, but he's there and taking it.
Ya know, if your gonna bullshit a crowd of angry voters you might want to use lies that haven't been thoroughly debunked and that any 6 year old with a Notepad can research...just sayin.  
Death panels are so 8 years Sarah Palin-ago
And then a 77-year-old woman spoke after him and called his bullshit out. It was majestic. Fuck this piece of shit. EDIT: I posted a video link in a reply to another comment below me. It's pretty great.
That's basically what they all think of us. They take care of us, and we just suck at their teat. 
The Republican Party is going to shit the bed and make the voters pay for it.
It's as though the GOP goes out of its way to be cartoon villains.  There's no logic, no subtlety, no craft.  They just hate on certain groups, they insult their constituents, and somehow they keep getting elected.I don't get it.
That's when you shit on the rug and say Come clean this up, adult.
Right?But it's the liberals who are elitist..
To call an audience comprised of what seemed to be mostly the elderly children is sickening.Is he going to start telling everyone that these old folk were all bussed in too?
The very children paying for his fucking healthcare. 
that comment alone just cemented my disdain for republicans for a very long time
Just awful. Whether they voted for him or not, whether they agree with him or not...he represents them and they deserve respect.
These town halls are getting testy. I wouldn't be surprised to see a remark like that in the future result in them being drug off the stage and beaten by everyone in the room.
In the second video-We need to let people be able to choose and pay for their own plans and then someone shouts WE DO
His need to infantilize dissent indicates that he's afraid. He should be.
I thought the liberals were the elitist assholes?Authoritarians get a case of the feels when people don't fall into line and accept their authority.
It's specifically moments like this that I wish a few people had come armed with rotten tomatoes and he got one square in the face.
> Ok, children?All who oppose conservatives need to get into the habit of calling them things like boss, sir, son, sparky, tiger, etc.  Conservatives love that stuff.  It shows strength and counter-intuitively it earns their respect.  Conservatives will respect you only if you can dominate them and show strength.So for example,OK, children.Son, what do you know about children?  Or the snarky one Yes sparky, whatever you say.Make sure not to yell this.  Say it so it's barely audible and keep your eyes narrow.  Don't make any pointless movement or sound and look relaxed.  Look like you own the place.Just boss right on top of that bossy shit.  Make sure your face looks like a cold stone block when you say it and internally be ready to kill that idiot who called you a child, but don't actually do it.  Just look menacing and dominating and conservatives eat that shit up.  You'll immediately be *someone* in their eyes and not just a weak cowardly liberal intellllllectttuuuu-ool.  Double points if you conceal carry while acting this way.Once you earn their respect in this way, drop the cold tough act and be a sweetie to them, but only so long as they don't act uppity.  If they act uppity, then let the stone block come out again.  You have to be firm and make sure conservatives know their place around you.  As soon as they realize their place, act protective and cordial.  Show the conservatives you value them as followers, but have no respect for them as leaders.
The GOP thinks irony is like rain on your wedding day, but it's actual that every one of their policies and committees are designed to do the exact opposite of what it purports to be. 
Or the boards of insurance companies that would drop people when they got sick and too expensive. 
No death panels.  You're the death panel.
But just think of how FREE you'll be, staring into the window at the ER waiting room from outside like a kid pressing his nose against the glass of a toy store.
[Nods] (http://i.imgur.com/Wzlm9xX.gif)
Fucking A right.  If they actually do this, tens of thousands will die.  [Preventable deaths](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/mar/31/barack-obama/barack-obama-says-health-care-law-has-led-50000-/) will rise. That blood will live on the party's hands FOREVER.  Taking away healthcare as a political stunt, leading to thousands dead....I just don't see how that's any kind of recipe for success.
call the repeal bills 'death warrants'
GOP is going to time it so it doesn't take effect until after the midterms. The problem they have is just the executive orders are enough to create a lot of uncertainly in the market. That uncertainly is going to be priced into 2018 premiums. Starting in the summer you might as well start positioning that we're on already on Trump-Care.
These representatives have convinced themselves that these angry people are not their constituents, but are [agitators and paid protesters from out of their district](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html) sent to be disruptive. I used to think these guys were full of shit and pandering to their conservative voters. Now I'm pretty sure they are just as dumb as the voters and believe the right wing conspiracies they are pushing. This guy probably has no idea why the ACA is good, he just knows it is bad like all of my idiotic conservative relatives who benefit from it. 
Trump has Republicans convinced that they're immune to gaffes. And he's kind of right. If Twitler can brag about sexual assault and get into the White House this guy can get away with calling his constituents children no problem.
Do as I say not as I do?
It's like the chaffetz moron who was facing a hostile crowd in the Utah townhall, and for some reason he decides to casually bring up dismantling the department of education so that Devos can't lead it. It's almost like these morons are just going out to troll people. [You love Betsy Devos, don't you?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKzGJU10iB8)
He lost his temper, simple as that. 
I kid! I kid!
\#NeverRemember Bowling Green!
On the cost section of never never land and Wonderland.
Too soon, man.  My family was at Bowling Green.They drove through there on the way to Cleveland.  Stayed at the Hilton.  They had a lovely time.
Purely anecdotal but yesterday I was getting breakfast at the hotel breakfast bar and there was nothing but fat white truckers watching Fox News. A clip of Trump speaking and one of the truckers got up in disgust and ranted got rid of the Muslim and replaced him with a fucking liar.The tide is quickly turning. It's only Trumptards holding onto this sinking ship. 
I'm from Florida. Most young people try to get the fuck out of Pasco County. Lots of more affluent folks live near the southern Hillsborough or Pinellas county borders because property taxes are way lower in Pasco, as are the services provided.
>It was old, mostly white people. Republicans.I wouldn't assume they are Republicans. It could be older Democrats. There are a good amount of them in Florida considering many of the snowbirds are from northern, liberal states.
So in other words, people who voted for Trump?
I wonder if the Tea Party line of having zero experience in politics could work for progressive Democrats. I suppose they could completely troll conservative districts (with no record to check against) by just angrily taking the podium, mimicking parseltongue for a bit, then closing with anything appropriately mean-spirited. Of course their constituents may end up holding that against them after they turn out to be competent managers with rationally considered policies.
Old days were worse.  There are still republicans from the 1980's who will never admit HIV causes AIDs because that is what the right wing talk radio told them.  
> It seems like the only way to fix this gerrymandering is for Democrats to register as Republicans and primary all of these assholesYou're onto something there...
It's hard to lie about something like the ACA now that people have had it for a while. Beforehand it was probably easier to buy into some death panel bull shit. They know the politicians are full of shit and it's actually a generally good program to have. It certainly needs work but taking it away is a mistake and everyone knows it.
To bad there's no way to vote 'no one's and force them to leave the seat empty
Actually it was much worse. I know its fun to look back at politicians being better, but they were significantly worse. You had some idealists who cared but it used to be even easier to be a sleaze and a liar before the days of the internet and always on easily accessible news.
We should primary them all
Since Donald used to be a democrat many thought he was simply a democratic plant screw up the primary election and then throw the presidential race. It's not a bad plan really.
How old are you
And they're doing the opposite of what their president keeps telling people. 
> people aren't stupid I don't know,  a lot of them vote Republican,  there is one conclusion that I can draw from that and I'm fairly certain of my assessment of those Republican voters. 
> Republicans shot themselves in the foot with a ten ton bazooka.wait and see, their red state constituents will put them right back in office, they are brain dead zombies.
>People aren't stupid.They aren't? Have you seen who is sitting in the white house?
>People aren't stupid. The sad thing is, they are.  Not everyone, but some people actually buy this bullshit.  I mean, look at our president.  Enough people bought his bullshit to get elected.  So, at the very least, there's at least enough idiots in the group of voters to cause serious problems.  Even though it's obvious to us, there are people out there who actually believe him when he says death panels are out to get them.
> People aren't stupidYeah going to have to disagree there.
Well....a lot of people are stupid. 
> People aren't stupidYet here we are, with Donald fucking Trump as President.
I get the reference and I agree with your point.....but WTF is a ten ton bazooka?
Especially since the real death panels were the old insurance policies that would cancel the policy when people got sick.
I was critical of Obama cowtowing to Republicans but I'm realizing this might be one of the greatest political powerplays in American history. He sacrificed Congressional majority by just pushing the ACA, but holy fuck, despite all the obstructionism and elimination of provisions, Obama just 4d interdimensional Twista'd the Republicans into fucking themselves in the ass and making their ideology a complete non-contender in American politics in the future. The very idea of universal healthcare is anathema to the GOP and insurance companies. The establishment RNC threw a massive populist bitchfit in the form of the Tea party and with some of the rhetoric regarding Obamacare being dysfunctional because of reasons that might contain the words black and democrat or by attacking the finer points of the ACA, by whipping their base into a frenzy *they strenghtened the case for universal healthcare and made opposition to it political suicide*.Repeal Obamacare, Barry could give a fuck, he already won the game.
To be fair, you definitely won't face a death panel of you can't get admitted into the hospital in the first place
Nice to know how he feels about his constituents.  
He's coming fer muh guuuuuuuhhhnnnnnnsssssssss!!!!!!!!!!11Right after he learns to para sail.
He's coming back to declare marshal law as well. He forgot to do that.
Now that Obama has so much free time, he can finally take away all of our guns.
I hear ACORN is in charge of ACA enrollments. 
The funny thing about that is there is a grain of truth to the FEMA camp myth: a contingency plan called Rex 84 that the Raygun administration devised alongside plans to invade Nicaragua. Simultaneous to invading they were going to declare martial law and round up dissidents and anti war and Central American solidarity organisers and protestors into FEMA camps.The administration was full of Vietnam War veterans who firmly believed they won the war in Vietnam but lost the war in Washington (Ollies testimony in the Iran Contra hearings), that they had to been 'stabbed in the back' (to borrow from the Germans) at home by opposition. And they were not going to let it happen a second time.
[Betsy McCaughey](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2009/dec/18/politifact-lie-year-death-panels/)http://mediamatters.org/video/2014/09/12/watch-obamacare-misinformer-betsy-mccaughey-wal/200741
Did you email Bilirakis? Because this wasn't him saying this. 
This is the craziest thing of all, they scared people about the government having death panels when insurance companies regularly intentionally withhold money and challenge cases, knowing people will die in the meantime, in the hopes of saving some money.
clicked only on aetna and former senator olympia snowe is right on the boardinsane how much revolving door there is. 
My understanding is that there is an end of life consultation provided that helps sort out insurance, wills, quality of life matters, that wasn't always available before the ACA and it was twisted into this death panels lie. 
There was a chain email that claimed this when ACA first came out.Politifact debunks it here: http://www.politifact.com/oregon/statements/2013/jun/08/chain-email/will-seniors-be-denied-cancer-treatment-under-obam/And Snopes: http://www.snopes.com/medicare-at-age-76/
The closest thing was a subsequently removed provision that would have paid Medicare doctors for providing end-of-life counseling (specifically regarding advanced directives, living wills, ect.). But nothing in the law targets 74 year olds explicitly.There are some advisory panels that recommend, for example, what kind of preventative care doctors should recommend at certain ages. But these are only recommendations and doctors themselves have ultimate authority on how they practice medicine. 
Basically r/forwardsfromgrandma
Condescending assholes, that's who.Republicans are always trying to shame people into behaving appropriately because they know without the protection of civility their behavior is risky. He's calling them children because he wants them to feel bad for acting up, but he also knows that he is antagonizing people and that we're not that far removed from barbarism. 
A guy that won with 68% and feels emboldened to pull this shit 
me too i am about 10 minutes away...  i just wish more of those people would get out and vote, bilirakis is my rep.. i am so tired of him.
Ha. A friend who lived in Florida said something like that.
Plenty of democrats would support single payer. ACA was always supposed to be an intermediary step towards single payer.
This is so intriguing! What was the disturbance? What was the decision made he was there to speak of?   
In case you were interested, there is no such provision.
I know people don't believe this, but I've been at war with insurance companies since my daughter was born.  The movie Rainmaker was spot on.
You rock for being there. I heard that one woman in attendance was so incensed by Akins that she decided, on the spot, to run for a District 12 seat in the House of Representatives, and has already built a website and begun actively organizing a campaign. 
also a good 80% of them appeared to be near or beyond 74 based on the video.does he think they don't already understand intimately how medicare and the ACA interact with each other?
He's lying.
Voting is not enough. They need to organize, protest, find someone to run against this guy and campaign heavily for his opponent.I'm betting that's already started in that district.  
well they're all relatively old, so they probably all relatively vote.
123%
Looks like that strategy is finally backfiring though.
3rd Possibility:They're Stupid Scum.
I saw them.  Those people are his constituents.  People that bothered to show up to let him know how they feel, and all the whiny little prick could do was complain about being bullied.
The woman shouldn't have the choice, the fetus should decide if it wants to be aborted or not /s
That's not really a fair comparison.
that was the first time ive ever seen security have to restrain the politician holding the town hall. normally you see them go after the speakers.that is amazing, that he had to be reminded by his own security not to make intimidating gestures and speak over that woman. pretty unreal.edit: u/Darkly_Bright points out the host of this isn't the guy speaking. Bill Akins is speaking, Rep. Bilarakis is the host and is the one telling Akins to calm down.
Is there a video of this? I'd enjoy watching it!
That woman is no doubt on Medicare, too. It kicks in with Social Security at 65. This representative is an idiot with his lies.
Que sunny in Philadelphia music...   And that Republican won another term.
have a video?
Do you have a link to that? Id sure like to see it. 
Uh, link???
Yeah, they take care of us in the same way a hit man takes care of their assigned targets.
Makes sense. Republican politicians can tell their voters that he will rid social security, cut medicare, and ship jobs over seas, and promise to end abortion and the crowd cheers and cheers and vote republican and that politician lives up to all those promises except the abortion part.
Just for the record, I rarely pass up a good teat sucking 
Which ironically is what they hate about millennials.
GOP strategy is to protect you from dangers and threats that don't exist (death panels, terrorists from Iran etc...), while doing fuckall about threats that do exist (pre-existing conditions, global warming, terrorists from Saudi Arabia, Pakistan)
Going to?
They've been able to deflect all their bullshit on the president for the last 8 years.  Now they own all of it and it's a complete shitshow.
Gerrymandering.
Even when it costs them nothing they always go with the dickish decision.
The Democrats want to take my guns tho.
If old people turn against the GOP they'll probably start advocating for death panels.
And his fatass salary
> These town halls are getting testy.It's like reverse tea party, with the bonus of 100% less birthers.
GOP is like scumbag Steve that grew up, got a suit and tie and projects so hard you need diamond to cut through that crap..
When GOP talks about death panels, they actually mean we need more death panels. When they talk about government screwing up everything they mean let's screw up the governmentBasically anything they say they're against, they're for. If they hate Sharia law, why are they trying to tear down the separation of church & state? 
> is like rain on your wedding day,It's a free ride, but you've already paid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8QBEpEtk3U#t=00m27s
It's a free ride, where you're going anyway. 
That's what I don't get. That bitching about death panels in universal healthcare systems. Of course you need to allocate resources but nothing in any universal health care system comes close to insurance companies literally denying you coverage and letting you die because you are poor.Actually, scratch that. because you're not rich is more accurate because you'll probably end up in debt even if you are middle class.
Yup you'll get your choice you so desperately want. Choice between dying at home or dying on a park bench. Because a private for profit company doesn't give a shit about you - they won't choose to lose money on you. They won't give you insurance. The government doesn't give a shit about you either (insert pro-life irony joke here) it's not a right they say, didn't save up millions to pay for medical bills? So sad for you. You die.
Emtala means the ER can't refuse treating someone for something life threatening. That isn't going to get repealed anytime soon.
I just don't know how can say they are all paid. Like who has the money and organization to do all of that and keep it a secret?
> I used to think these guys were full of shit and pandering to their conservative voters. Now I'm pretty sure they are just as dumb as the voters and believe the right wing conspiracies they are pushing. I've worked closely with politicians in a conservative area, and this is exactly what the problem is.  There is some pandering and oportunism, yes, but by and large most of them really are idiots with power.
>Jason Perry, head of the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute of Politics, said politicians need to pay attention.   >   >I think for a while this is going to be the new norm, people inserting themselves in the process and demanding some accountability from elected officials, Perry said.It's sad that these politicians probably think that being accountable for their actions is the people asking too much of them
But do you think they actually believe that? I assumed the GOP was spreading the all complaints are paid liberals bs just so they could hide from it.  But if they legitimately believe that nobody is angry at them, then is violence the only way to get through to them?I'm serious, if the GOP Congress is as dangerously delusional as Trump about their support, then nothing short of a bloodthirsty mob with a guillotine will slow them down.
That article is just full of gems. The guy essentially says You want me to hold Trump accountable? Hahah, I spoke out against that one thing he did, don't you remember? What? Bring down Trump? I'll never do that, I promise. Why are you all so angry? At everything? I DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHY YOU ARE SO ANGRY
Actually, by calling them children, it would imply that he thinks they are fools that he has to lie to. It's pretty disgusting.
If you go meet with them, you'll find out that you're totally right. Most of them are complete morons. 
Shit like that makes me want to attend my GOP Rep's town halls and bring proof of address with me. How out of touch with reality can you be to think that 100% of your constituents support you? Every politician will always have at least some of their constituents angry at them, because people are different.
> they are convinced the audiences are paid agitators. Why not do an ID check before entering the townhall meeting that way the representative knows that everybody who is pissed off is from their district? Something simple like a utilities bill or phone bill with a zipcode should be good enough proof. 
If the tea party taught us anything it's that some of these representatives will be undone by their actions at these events. 
:D but also :(
Those kids were false-flag actors.
To soon it hasn't even happened yet.
Never rememberAlways forgetExpecto Patronus
Victims of Bowling Green, cut down in their prime: Yoda, Tony Montana and Bambi
Not so fast, here in Pennsyltucky, I overheard a bunch of Trump voters outside of a convenience store. One said Trump is gonna get us out of the UN. It's gonna save us 6 billion dollars. I don't even know where to begin with that. 
I was at the dog park today in a red county and overheard two very old couples discussing politics. I immediately started to walk away then heard that they were actually criticizing Flynn for lying about talking sanctions with Russia. Sort of made my day. I've shut everyone in public out because of this shit. 
>A clip of Trump speaking and one of the truckers got up in disgust and ranted got rid of the Muslim and replaced him with a fucking liar.Probably pissed off that Obamacare is still around and didn't get repealed in the first day of Trump's reign, and that The Wall seems to be paused.You know, kinda like this [POS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OxvIGmx6l4)
I would love to stand up at a red state town hall and point out the following:*  Blue states pay way more in taxes than they get back. Red states get back way more than they pay*  Blue states **also** make sure all their citizens get health care. Massachusettes had RomneyCare BEFORE the country had ACA, which they paid for IN ADDITION to all the federal taxes they paid out!*  Blue states don't have a shortage of hospitals. *  Blue states have strong economies and can pay the higher wages for the better doctors. Doctors come out of college in huge debt, and need the big salaries that **we cannot pay***  Blue states are **willing** to give us THEIR tax money, to cover OUR people. More people covered means more hospitals and more doctors... (No doctor can afford to work in a place with no customers), and that means more jobs, and more tax revenue, more people in the state*  So, not only will we be getting federal dollars which are mostly being paid for by blue states, AND improving the healthcare of our citizens, we'll also be hiring more doctors, building more hospitals, hiring more local nurses, who will pay more taxes to our state*  These doctors, nurses, and hospital staff who will now be making good money, will spend their money in local stores, restaurants, and going to local fairs, events, conferences*  Improved healthcare for our state could mean less people out of work on disability. If their health problems are fixed, they can go back to work in a thriving economyWHERE THE HELL IS THE DOWNSIDE???
They just have to get voted in once, after there are enough undercovers in office, they can all flip and roll out a bunch if stuff to end gerrymandering and abolish the electoral college.
many people who thought that are idiots
45And Republicans have always been corrupt assholes. They used to pretend to care about the people though
We're gonna have the BEST healthcare, believe me. You just wont believe how amazing it will be.
A lot of moderate Republicans and Independents took a gamble on Trump out of their hatred of Clinton. They are regretting that decision now. Trump's core group is the problem but luckily there aren't enough of them.
I think it's more along the lines that they've turned their religion into Republican instead of Christian, regardless of what they claim to believe. The GOP leaders are like high level people in the church to them. They blindly believe it, because it makes the scaries go away to them. It's extremely frustrating, all boiling down to tribalism. It's just baffling when these people want to talk financial policy and all this. You know damn well you know nothing about economics guys. I grew up in GOP territory. Their platform goes exactly against what they claim to want.
The voters will always vote for the R, but I think now they're realizing that the people behind the R have become increasingly crazy. In these hard-red districts, the real fight should be wrenching the GOP primaries away from Tea Party nutbags. Nobody is expecting a Bernie Sanders clone to win in rural Nebraska, but an anti-Tea-Party Rockefeller Republican Revolution would be a godsend for this country right now. 
And they learn the hard way --- which is starting to happen right now.
And the new death panels are all the Republican committees dedicated to taking people's coverage away.
> Repeal Obamacare, Barry could give a fuck, he already won the game.It's not about Barry, bro.  People are going to lose healthcare!
I called it from the day they signed the bill. The ACA was written so that universal healthcare would have to be the next step, otherwise whoever removed it would lose the next set of mid-terms and election thus giving the US universal healthcare anyway.It's going to happen, there is nothing conservatives can do to stop it.
It went one step further... he fucked them with their OWN PLAN. The ACA was written by the Heritage Foundation to counter Hillarys in the 90's. Obama basically use their own plan against them so that they cant in any way put this out as their replacement as they spent years making the one they eventually had to rebel against because a Dem beat them to the punch.
You hardly ever see the word kowtowing in writing so I'll just leave this handy hint here.   :)
*KowtowingNo actual cows are involved :)
We already admit everyone into hospitals (with insurance or not). There is an obligation to treat to stabilize every patient at the least.
To be fair, this wasn't the congressman holding the town hall. This was a Pasco County official. Gus Bilirakis is a spineless Republican kowtower, but this wasn't him and he did talk peacefully with people afterwards.
He couldn't even dictator right!
Thank you for this.
Man I miss Jon Stewart's Daily Show.
No. I emailed the Republican Party office in Pasco County where Akins is the chair. The office re-opens Monday.[In the mean time enjoy Bill Akins performing as Elvis Presley](https://youtu.be/w8-n9kGjbp8)
That's... a really good idea. I wish we had access to that sort of advice when my father passed away.
Incredibly useful for hospice considerations.
The entire GOP platform is essentially a forward from grandma, now.
Wait, the person who said that was *not* the Representative.The person who said it was Bill Akins, the *chair* of the county's Republican Party. (I don't believe those get voted in, do they?) Someone else commented here that Bilirakis - the actual representative that got voted in - spoke to people afterwards.
I disagree completely. While the Left does have some great warriors like Bernie Sanders, we've also got complete pieces of shit like Cory Booker. Booker just a few weeks ago joined twelve other Democrats to vote against an amendment proposed by Sanders to allow people to import prescription drugs from Canada, which would be significantly cheaper. Even fucking heathens like Ted Cruz crossed the aisle to support Bernie. Until we get rid of Centrist Democrats, the words of another piece of shit Democrat, Hillary Clinton, will ring true: Single-payer will never, EVER come to pass!
prove it
It is fascinating - a seemingly unassailable dictator brought down by a boo, and 4 days later he was dead.[More info](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceauescu%27s_final_speech)
his job is to lie to the children so he can do whats best for them. line his pockets and be a moral deviant. 
1.5 million percent.
true that
How on earth are these pathetic assholes in these positions of power?! It's unbelievable.People I disagree with holding power is fine and part of our system. But holy fuck, this guy is getting in a 70 year old woman's face because she's calling out his fictions in a town hall? 
Remember when  Rep. Michael Grimm threatened a NY1 reporterhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeJhXaC5WPg
What did the security do? What was he doing?
The white haired guy is the head of the Pasco County (the county in Fl where this was held) Republicans. Rep. Bilarakis (who hosted the town hall) is the heavy set guy telling the white haired guy to calm down. 
https://youtu.be/njbt8PPCFPg
[Here it is!](http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/11/politics/death-panel-florida-gop-congressman/)She tore into him. 
But a really shitty hitman whose weapons of choice are long term poisoning, environmental instability, poor education, and shitty healthcare.
they take care the way a farmer takes care of his pigs.Gives you the bare minimum of freedom, gets you as fat as possible, leads you to slaughter and then counts his profits. 
Video made me smile :) didn't know you had it in you to collectively body slam a congressman. There's hope for us yet 
Succinct. I like this comment.
http://ct.politicomments.com/ol/pc/sw/i56/2/1/23/pc_a68f05139dfa669f88b0ddf5e217567e.jpg
If the threat doesn't actually exist then it seems like they're doing their job to people that don't know any better
That hit me like satori.
GOP strategy is to run all government agencies into the ground, which is why they are filling the leadership roles with inexperienced people who hate the agency they are leading. Then they can use it as proof to show that big government doesn't work, this is when your point takes lead. 
Add Russia to that.
>terrorists from Saudi Arabia, Pakistanhow many people have terrorists from Saudi Arabia and Pakistan killed on U.S. territory between 2000 and now? how many people have Americans killed on shooting sprees in the last year alone?
To be fair, there are probably more than a few people who don't realize that this is the Republican modus operandi:  * Cut taxes, raise spending, blame the Democrats for the debt and deficit.   * Cut programs, blame the Democrats for broken departments.    Seriously, think about that last one for a second.  Let's take the IRS as an example: The IRS is a broken agency that can't do it's job.  We're going to cut spending and lay off workers until what time as they prove they're worth the investment. six months later See, the IRS is broken, we need to cut!  And eventually Grover Norquist's dream is realized, and we can drown the government in the bathtub.
The emperor being revealed as having no clothes might be the silver lining of Trump's presidency.
They are already advocating for death panels.The death panels are composed of insurance adjusters who will deny you coverage and leave you to die.
Anyone else remember when the Republicans were the quiet, nerdy guys in cloth coats who could talk your ear off all day on arcane parts of the tax code? They would always politely scold the Democrats for being too loose with the public purse. I never agreed with them, but I used to really respect those guys. They seemed like they really had their shit together.Nowadays the only thing missing from this circus is the make-up and an impossibly tiny car. They even brought their own elephants.
Dude the real scumbag Steve (the guy from the picture) liked one of my tweets and it turns out he's a big progressive. All his tweets were about progressive politics
  I'd almost forgotten scumbag Steve. He needs to make a resurgence as the face of the Republican Party. The elephant and donkey started as criticisms.
You're assuming they even know what they're talking about.It's just a talking point; they either don't care or they're stupid enough to believe their own lies.
What I didn't get is all the complaining about death panels in the first place. Even if they did exist, just don't make them a part of the healthcare system in your country...you're the government right, you can do that?Its like people thought the US would just copy / paste some European system without fixing anything first.
what i really don't get,  is why these people don't fear retribution,  people with little time left to live,  wouldn't even be fit to stand trial, and the state would have to care for you at that point. 
It's just like any type of insurance, whether it's auto or home, they aren't in the business of paying out claims. They're in the business of collecting premiums.
ER's don't tend to do long term treatment like chemo.
George Soros, man.  He spends like trillions of dollars just paying protestors.  Trust me, I read it on Breitbart!
Actually, this is exactly how Koch Industries financed and organized  every Tea Party rally to create the 'movement'. Republicans are dismayed and annoyed that these protest could happen organically.
>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.I honestly cannot understand how anyone can vote for a Republican. Their standards must be incredibly low if these guys feel they don't even need to try to find answers. 
It's always George Soros, to them
The Jeeeewwwssss /s
I assume that Republicans pay people to support them at events so they just assume Democrats are doing the same. 
It's not about telling the truth or even appearing to be honest to the people that he was addressing.  It's about convincing the people in the sticks who only hear the sound bite
Well, since Citizens United it IS a secret...it's terribly easy to funnel [anonymous money](http://time.com/3534117/the-incredible-rise-in-campaign-spending/) to whatever politician supports whatever fucked up idea you think will make people vote the way you want.
At this point the left's moneyed players may as well actually start paying people to protest. Maybe subsidize folks who want to relocate to gerrymandered districts to engage in a seat-flipping operation.
Hell, just looking at the crowd, they dont look like what I'd imagine so-called paid agitators would look like. They look like pissed off local voters.
For the politicians to believe this they have to be hearing from somebody, so do they really just all listen to and believe rush Limbaugh or something like that?
The way to get though to them is primary them. Get people to stop voting for this idiocy
hopefully not by Trump Republicans
So sad, so sad!
Same ones they used at Sandy Hook!^^^^^/s
> Trump is gonna get us out of the UN. It's gonna save us 6 billion dollars.Shades of Brexit...
Yep I actually saw a bunch of those idiots picketing around a billboard championing us leaving the UN in the middle of liberal as fuck, minority and scientist filled Central Jersey.I was like guys, you DO realize you are picketing at the crossroads of 3 universities and ALL of them are full of liberals right?
He could probably save a lot of money by burning house how house and living on the streets but that doesn't make it a good idea. 
But the Wall will cost 52 billion....so not a whole of savings.
e.g. Trumptards ;)
Am also in The T, can confirm, there's still tons of pro-Trump signs.
Save $6b dollars and a lose voice in the politics of the world but spend $25b+ just to build a wall? K. Thanks for your opinion.
Well the USA ignores the UN anyway so really why bother staying in it except for window dressing
That's funny, I just created a subreddit - more to practice hacking CSS than anything - that I don't really think I want to go through the bother of moderating, or promoting. That said, since you said 'Blue States' 5 times you magically invoked it - and you get to be the first person to look at its skeleton. /r/BlueStates/
Muh taxes
I love how they are pushing it to 2018 now for repeal. It's why this Muslim ban thing was pushed to distract people that the republicans have no solutions
I know, they will, but when Dems inevitably take control of Congress, they'll ram single payer so far down their throats that insurance compaines will be pleading for Keynsiam economics.
In fairness, cows might do a better job than the current lawmakers.
Crap, this show isn't buying the shit I'm selling. Abort!
Trevor Noah has been pretty great ever since the election. It took 9/11 for Jon Stewart to realize his potential, it might have taken Trump for Trevor to realize his.
A Well if that's the case. I hope he corrected him
Because people vote for their team instead of the most qualified candidates. They think to themselves, Well the <Republicans/Democrats> are supposed to be <insert party values> and I think that thing is good, so I should vote for that person. Most voters do not take the time to research the opinions, stances, or voting history of the actual person they vote for.
Because the good people that SHOULD have their positions have been too passive and inactive, so instead of good people in these positions you have the scumbags take over. Is okay though, we have elections every two years. Get involved or organize around someone else!
>How on earth are these pathetic assholes in these positions of power?!You should see the people who vote for them...
> How on earth are these pathetic assholes in these positions of power?!Because Teabag.
Floridians have voted for 2 decades of GOP state trifectas. 
i guarantee you the people who voted for this guy, think they are privileged like him, that the people in the audience must be democrats, poor uneducated democrats, that deserve being called children. the amount of self-delusion i see from my own friends who grew up with democratic values and ideals and have become republicans. they just think they are among the elite and that everytime the top 10% benefits from republican policy, that they somehow benefit as well, or that they are part of that 10% to begin with.
It's Florida. Even our politicians are Florida Man.
>How on earth are these pathetic assholes in these positions of power?! How many candidates/voters did you have in your last congressional primary? 
> How on earth are these pathetic assholes in these positions of power?!Because other pathetic assholes look at them in think, man, now *there's* a politician I can relate to!
Apparently, some guy named Jerry Mandering keeps voting him in.
that was despicable. but he had no idea he was being filmed, and it also wasn't a little old lady. in no way taking away from how terrible it is, and the fact that he still got elected after that even while being investigated for tax evasion is mind boggling. but thats staten island. just saying this is a little more out of the ordinary.
not one but two of his security ran up to him, blocked him from getting closer and basically gestured and told him to calm the fuck down. one of them then walked over to the lady and put his arm around her and basically consoled her and encouraged her to continue speaking.
thanks for the info!
You misunderstood me!  I'm on your side!No, you just *want* people over 74 on *your* side.
That was fucking beautiful.
I think people are starting to see Obama care in a positive light
She's my mom's age. My mom loathes Trump.
Wow. What a tremendous piece of shit. He's more ignorant than my Fox News obsessed facebook uncle. And he's literally in the government with those views. 
But how'd she get past the Death Panel?!
shitman
True story. The IRS is so efficient that when they designed their data warehouse so they could more effectively detect tax irregularities while minimizing audits on perfectly ok tax returns, not only did the project come in under budget by millions, but it came in months ahead of the expected rollout, and in its first year alone found almost 2 million in missing tax money mostly from high income earners who were fudging numbers on their tax returns while at the same time lowering the number of audits they did.Once I learned that in my project management course in college my respect for them went up a thousand fold.
Fuck Grover Norquist. Smug fucker needs a punch to the face.
[Starve the Beast] (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast) has been a right wing strategy for over 30 years. TL;DR: Cut taxes, run up deficits and then shrug your shoulders and say see folks? Government doesn't work.  
Sounds like exactly what No Child Left Behind was doing to schools under Bush II. So now we get DeVos and her special brand of idiocy to come in and finish the Department of Ed.
Fuck Grover Norquist with a rusty atomic powered ice auger. 
Daily floggings will continue until morale improves. 
Todays' Republicans love to scream that they believe in small government. When in reality what they believe in is small government for the rich, heavy rights abusing government for everyone else. 
> Anyone else remember when the Republicans were the quiet, nerdy guys in cloth coats who could talk your ear off all day on arcane parts of the tax code?I was two when they swore Reagan in, so not really.
Lesson: GOP is the real scumbag here. 
Isn't it ironic... Don't you think?
If I was on the jury for a trial like that, I would never vote to convict, and smile the entire time. It's called Jury Nullification, and I would definitely pull it out in such a case. 
He sounds like a fantastic job creator. We should listen to whatever he wants.
And literally not a single person has ever come forward to say that they were paid by Soros. You'd think that among the thousands of times this had been alleged (implicating 10s of thousands of people were approached) that at least one time Soros' groups reached out to the wrong person and they'd go to the press. Which you would think would very easily lead to a huge breaking news about his politically clandestine manipulation.It's literally never happened.The best I've seen is that a group supported by Soros was once shown to be handing out pre-made signs at a small scale rally to people that didn't bring one of their own (but we're attending on their own accord anyway) and even the evidence that the group was actually backed by was highly dubious.        
Where can I sign up?! I need money!
There was definitely funding for the tea party to help grow their support. But to say that Koch Industries financed and organized every Tea Party rally is just wrong. 
they have to buy everything that democrats can achieve for free
I honestly cannot understand how anyone can vote for a Republican.Party loyalty for one. They always have since saint Reagan and continue to. Then you have the bigots and racists who see the Republicans as the last chance to prevent minorities from taking over.Lastly you have the dreamers who think by being republicans they will be millionaires.
Study it out
'It's not my job to educate you'
**http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/SuspiciouslySpecificDenial**, from Chaffetz's (bullshit and shameful) viewpoint
But that's what they actually think.
Trump does.  He has his staff attend everything and has them cheer and applaud.
Worked with plenty of elected Republicans too, and yes, it really is just like that. They read strategy papers and other things as well, but Rush is in on that same loop himself. 
Oh goody, we need those six billion for the *TWENTY ONE BILLION DOLLAR WALL*.
I want that to be the name of the documentary that comes out of all of this.
I'm no expert in picketing but I'm almost positive the point of it is to do it in places where people don't agree with you. 
That's simple math, we don't have that out here. 
I'm a blue state guy born and raised... and I actually feel that money helps spread beliefs. People learn the value of not rocking a boat when the boat is in proper working order. But since Democrats have fled tons of these red states, and a lot of the red state economies are shit, we have no reason to move to them. I think having blue states help fund national health care (not directly, mind you, but, just by virtue that we pay more in taxes than they do) we can increase jobs in red states, which increases tax revenue, infrastructure, jobs, etc etc etc, and make them more attractive for blue state folks to move to. Once we start flooding our surplus humans into newly comfortable red states, we can start winning on other issues. Economics always leads. If you can make people feel better in their pocketbooks, they'll willingly reneg on a few of their other beliefs (or at least suppress them) since they're benefiting much more from the exchange than they were before. Healthcare is the biggest possible foot in the door. It always has been. 
I'll sub. Why not? I'm not leaving my blue state for anything* in the current political climate.*: except maybe Quebec.
That's not entirely fair, some republicans are itching to propose a Final Solution.
Well that worked out well. Now Trump is making it his mission for the ban to happen while people are asking their reps what they are doing about healthcare. 
source the 2018 claim?
Exactly. Progressive wave is a tsunami. 
I don't think ACA will ever be repealed, might be patched and broken but noone is ever letting poor working class whites lose their government subsidized insurance.
That's the dream, but establishment Dems are generally still anti-single payer.  Much more work to be done to make sure Democrats understand that people are dissatisfied with their leadership, as well.[Btw, people are letting Democrats have it, as well.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-1-ei4KVJM)  Which is good.
There were literally 100 people for various positions on the most recent ballot I filled out. Voting for your team is the only way to maneuver through the complex beurocracy
This. Exactly this. Literally this!
My reps are pretty inline with my positions and aren't horrible human beings so it's hard to get involved to change these types of situations 
>  he had no idea he was being filmedYes he did. There was a guy there with a lit news camera.It doesn't mean the guy going after the elderly lady shouldn't be expelled from congress immediately, but that there seems to be a pattern of GOP Representatives trying to physically intimidate people.  
One of those isn't security. The heavy set guy is Rep. Bilarakis. The other guy is on Bilarakis's staff.
*Stands up to intimidate and points finger angrily*I'M ON YOUR SIDE! I'M ON YOUR SIDE!!Sure, bud.
He thinks she is saying the death panels are wrong, he doesn't realize she is saying that he is wrong in the assumption they will exist at all. 
It's really the GOP's monster turning around to rip it to shreds.They whipped up so many fake controversies and helped organized so many fake protests that now that there is an actual life or death controversy that could kill tens of thousands each year, that same monster has turned back and noticed who is in charge of the whole Congress and said: *you own this, now you fix this!*But they had no fix. They never planned on ever having to fix any of this. And they look like idiots.
Did you see that dude in the back? He just called bullshit and started laughing, like he's just so fed up with this shit it's become funny to him.
Soon they may even appreciate it almost as they appreciate the ACA. 
No. They see the ACA in a positive light. The Gop was successful in demonizing both Obama and Healthcare. Meanwhile, idiots don't realize the ACA and Obamacare are the same thing. I use the word idiots because we all have mini computers on our hands that has access to facts whenever we want. 
Because he's on her side!  
That'd be a great title for Mitch McConnell's biography. #*Shitman: Clogging the Drain and Making Acid Rain* A Biography of Bitch McCoddled
Next year's box office hit
The IRS doesn't fuck around. They're were the ones who brought down Al Capone
that's awesome. anywhere i could read about this?
That's the great thing about software: it can keep on getting better. It can work the opposite of the maintenance that is required in anything physical: you can spend most of your time on improving and optimizing.Many software projects are failures but you never hear about the successes. Internal software is not meant to be static. It should improve constantly and produce tangible results, on a feedback loop with the data that forms the institutional memory.They've had decades to work on this. It would take criminal incompetence to not have today a system that is about 90-95% as efficient as it can ever be.The biggest problem with all software is bugs. When you have decades to remove them, you get amazing results. 
 * Roger Ailes   * Frank Luntz  * Rush Limbaugh * Grover Norquist   * Rupert Murdoch   * Sheldon Adelson * The Koch BrothersEight people would be enough.  Certainly the list could be longer, but I those are the big ones.
Government doesn't work; elect us and we'll prove it!
with sand and lemonjuice lube
I like the way you think.
The nation and world are complex with a ton of diversity in both culture and landscape. We need a method of voting that can reflect that diversity. Plurality/[FPTP](http://reddit.com/EndFPTP)/Spoiler voting is restrictive to an unnecessary degree and is at the root of many of our issues. It creates too many false equivalencies and dichotomies, while forcing people to act in unreasonable and stupid tribalistic manners. The type of voting at http://equal.vote or something like that would quell numerous issues and is what we should move towards. 
You just barely missed that era, then. If you were about five or six years older then you might have some dim recollection of it, to whatever extent you might have paid attention to politics as a kid. You're just the exact right age for the Republicans to have been completely terrible for all of your adult life, but I swear to you that once upon a time, those unicorns indeed walked the Earth.That's precisely why I find it impossible to take centrists and their both sides do it nonsense seriously. I remember when both sides really did do it, and the it in question was tame compared to what passes for statecraft these days.
And give him more tax cuts! 
I don't understand the Soros hate. I mean only folks in Thailand should have an ax to grind with him. Guy is rich and supports liberal causes. I don't get why he's such a boogyman.
I organize protests and I'd never even have heard of the guy if it wasn't for the right wing. Even if he is paying protesters, so what if he is? He's an American citizen, it's his right to do whatever the hell he wants with his money.It is so plainly obvious that this is a bunch of his billionaire peers fucking with him for having the wrong opinions.
If that was a real job i would have tried to get it by now. Free travel, meeting like minded individuals, and doing something I believe in. I would love that.
Ah, he's a deadbeat. I'm still waiting for my Women's March payout. /s
I said they> financed and organized every Tea Party rally to *create* the 'movement'. Fine, I'll further qualify it. I think that after working towards the Tea Party for over 10-years and spending 10's of millions of dollars  the least we can do is give the Koch Brothers credit for their achievement. This is probably irrelevant to our actual disagreement, but just some background for others in the thread who may be less familiar with the history (taken from a peer-reviewed  study).>Citizens for a Sound EconomyCSE, one of the third-party anti-tax tobacco industry partners, was a think tank dedicated to free market economics. CSE (which split into AFP and FreedomWorks in 2004) was co-founded in 1984 by David Koch, of Koch Industries, and Richard Fink, former professor of economics at George Mason University, who has worked for Koch Industries since 1990.3 ,51 CSE supported the agendas of the tobacco and other industries, including oil, chemical, pharmaceutical and telecommunications, and was funded by them.52 In 2002, before Tea Party politics were widely discussed in the mainstream media, CSE started its US Tea Party (http://www.usteaparty.com) project, the website of which stated our US Tea Party is a national event, hosted continuously online and open to all Americans who feel our taxes are too high and the tax code is too complicated.53 Between 1991 and 2002 the tobacco companies, mainly Philip Morris, provided CSE with at least US$5.3 million (see online supplementary table S3). Philip Morris gave CSE US$250000 annually in the early 1990s to start six state chapters.41
Often, all of these characteristics can be found in the same Republican.
...Betsy  DeVos, probably.
Wait so you're saying rush believes the things he says? How far does this rabbit hole go?
However the point is to try to win people to your cause. I have a hard time believing they had a very convincing argument
Thanks! That's the perfect sub to get the ball rolling.
Does it have...better coverage for minorities? 
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/02/07/donald-trump-bill-oreilly-health-care-ted-cruz-obamacare.cnn/video/playlists/future-of-us-healthcare/
It is the way history is happening. Short if a nuclear war, nothing can prevent it, only delay it.
http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/313271-it-seems-like-a-lifetime-or-at-least-a-main
So many people also said Trump would never be elected. I was one of them. 
Damn, I just envisioned a 'whites only' provision with a religious test for Christianity...smh.
No it is not.  It is your duty, responsibility, and privilege as a citizen and voter to inform yourself.Our ballot here was also excessively long.  I still took the time to thoroughly research every person and measure on it.  It took a few weeks, an hour or two here and there but it wasn't an impossible task.  Not with the internet, Google, and any number of non-partisan political sites.
Well. Or you could not vote for people with platforms you don't know or understand, which would help avoid situations like this.
Or you could fill out your ballot at your leisure and mail it in... If only this were a civilised country.
In my district the parties hand out mock ballots at polling locations with a slate of candidates they support. What's really interesting about it is that sometimes someone will get left off the ballot deliberately, which more or less constitutes a tacit endorsement of the other party's candidate.
You do not have to fill in everyting. If I dont know the guy I do not vote for them.
So donate money to other candidates. Or volunteer for a cause. Or protest things you don't agree with. Write letters to your reps to keep them on the straight and narrow. Remind them that there are consequences to betraying the will of their constituents.Even if your reps generally agree with you and aren't literal scum, there are still things you can do to be involved and make sure that the government you get is closer to the one that you want.
hah oh god
thanks i updated my original post
>that same monster has turned back and noticed who is in charge of the whole Congress and said: you own this, now you fix this!But they had no fixI disagree... they had a fix... they absolutely, 100% were planning on repeal without replacing.  They got all the kids in the car, they fueled the car up, they inflated the fucking innertubes, put the sunscreen on, and hit the road.  And then they got to the beach, looked out, and realized how politically damaging their plan was going to be for THEM, and backed out like the cowards they are.    And then here we are, playing this double-speak game, where they pretend to be so concerned for the possible impact repealing without an adequate replacement would be, while deep-down only caring about the political toll it will have on THEM and people in their party.
The GOP is basically the kid who decides to do their homework an hour before it's due....no wait, they're the kid who doesn't have his homework done and tells the teacher their dog ate it.
Jesus the savagery, I love it
Well, then they need to get to work on Trump.
This is the not-dry writeup about it. Mine was in a academic book and was a review done years after (the data warehouse project is nearing 10 years old now), but this gives you the gist of what they did though it does not breakdown how monumental it was as a example of good project planning.http://www.computerworld.com/article/2536160/business-intelligence/been-audited-lately--blame-the-irs-s-massive--superfast-data-warehouse.html
They are on a list of names I recite to myself before I fall asleep at night.
Robert Mercer needs to be on the top of that list, and not enough people know who that is. 
You left off Ralph Reed ... He and Norquist were butt-buddies for about 15 years.
How the hell is Mcconnell not in the top five?Love this btw: http://imgur.com/a/pD0SG
...Donald Trump?
He's Jewish, that's why.
He's a boogeyman for precisely that reason. He's rich and supports liberal causes. Apparently,  to some people, that makes him evil and a traitor. 
Gotta have a boogieman. He's it for some people. 
>I don't get why he's such a boogyman.    You answered your own question:>Guy is rich and supports liberal causes.
Supporting organizations that rallied people to the cause and then claiming it is a grassroots movement is intellectually dishonest, at best... But that is still quite a ways from what the Republicans are claiming here. They are honestly saying that individual protesters are being financed -- that they are essentially just actors, not people who are expressing genuine disagreement.I have seen people claim, straight-faced, that the majority of the Women's March attendees were paid to be there.
Winning people to your cause is only one goal.  There are others.  Plus, showing 'bravery' by protesting in a haven of the opponent. . .good way to win people to your cause. . .
A terror attack in the USA right now could flip the tides.It doesn't even really matter who carries out the attack. Enough of Trump's supporters will believe him if he lies that it was Iran. That's all the justification the Republicans would need to clamp down on the judicial in the name of 'national security' and eliminate any remaining checks and balances on their power.
That rainbow when the dark clouds break 
But, it would seem, that people are now finding out that Obamacare and the ACA are the same thing, and they like the ACA (and yet, inexplicably, still hate Obamacare).
Sure, you could and should do that. But it's unreasonable and honestly completely moronic to expect the *majority of voters* to do that as well.
TIL that Oregon, Washington, and Colorado are civilized countries.
And that's a true shame. You have a voice and you don't use it.
> 100% were planning on repeal without replacing.they still are
The GOP is the kid who was to lazy to do his homework. Blames the teacher for giving homework in the first place.
> The GOP is basically the kid who decides to do their homework an hour before it's due...Actually, a more appropriate metaphor would be that the GOP is the kid in the pair project who doesn't do any of the work but just slags the project off to everyone else.They did it for so often that on the health care reform project, their partner kid literally did the project *exactly how the GOP kid wanted it*, and then the GOP kid spent the rest of the semester yelling about how awful this health care reform is and it's a complete travesty.The GOP kid totally expected the Democrat kid to hang around and keep on doing the work for them while they could sit around and criticize everything - except now the Dem kid got kidnapped by an orange pizza shop mascot, and the GOP kid suddenly has to put up or shut up. 
My team of dogs has an excellent draft copy that we plan to unveil by 2019 at the latest.....
Words cannot describe how much I detest that creature; no point in handling that with kid gloves. I don't give a fuck about his feelings or the feelings of his supporters, so why bother mincing words? 
Sounds like we need. An Accountant. 
There is only one god, and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: Hurry it the fuck up already.
I got that reference 
Believe it or not, the people on that list are way, way more powerful than Donnie Moscow is.
So is Sheldon Adelson, but he's one of the Republicans' most visible puppet-masters. 
Don't worry though the Devos family is funneling millions of good Christian money into the GOP to battle against it!
I agree completely. You have to just look at the women's marches to know this is a laughable attempt at spin. Taken together, in D.C., in cities and towns across the U.S., and the  entire world,  they account for one of the largest demonstrations in history. Now you got your demonstrators at airports. Pro-immigration.  I see random people in my smallish town walking around with signs saying Don't take away my health care!. You have the townhalls. You have the LGBT. You have people supporting Sanctuary Cities. Who the hell is supposed to be organizing and paying all these diverse groups to passionately devote their time and energy, the majority of which is not even covered by the media?
It's worse than that--many didn't even bring their own pussy hats. The knitting pattern posted online included a dropoff/mailing address if you wanted to knit extra hats. Welfare pussy hats, true story.
I am having a hard time imaging what kind of policies the judicial branch would shoot down in the wake of an attack that pointed to Iran. If the military and intelligence agencies aren't in on this conspiracy you are proposing, then the public, by and large, are not going to buy it either. 
I'm not to sure about that.  I really don't think we'll be in for another 11 year warThe reason why we responded the way we did to 9/11 was because that sort of grand terrorist was incomprehensible to Americans. But that was 16 years ago. We've raised an an entire generation and a half on fallout of an unneeded and poorly thought out war. Millennials know better and frankly I doubt many of them are willing to die for Trump.
Maybe they are. I don't know that to be a fact, but you could be right.  Off topic ... but you shouldn't say inexplicably. It can be explained. SAD! 
I'd prefer it to be federally controlled, like Canada, so states can't pull all this fuckery every time.
And NJ!
I vote every-time. You are not obligated to fill out ever single position in every single local consiler race. If I leave a half dozen unmarked I am not shaming anything. If you dont know who the person is, just voting blind doen't help much. 
The evil cynical side of me hopes they do just that and the result is catastrophic. That would be the end of every one of their carreers as well as the Republican party.
Their public stance is still for repealing but privately they are very worried.  I guess we'll see.
OMG please let them, let Medicare get wrecked by crossfit bro Paul Ryan too.  Then watch average non voting citizens go beserk when they, or mom or dad get their saftey nets yanked away.
For sure, I thought that was a punchable faces list though
Look into Eduard Bloch, because they need their Edeljude.
Yea, Rice, Cheney, Wolfowitz, Bremer, Yoo & Bush kinda weakened the trust on such issues.
Like [this](http://www.oregonlive.com/politics/index.ssf/2016/07/sens_wyden_merkley_propose_nat.html), you mean?
That would be a nice dose of karma, but they're likely banking on those affected dying before they get another chance to vote.
Please don't I could die if the result is that bad.
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Another Big Lie from Republicans.They have to contrive B.S. like this so they can disregard valid dissent about their crappy policies.
I remember all the Democrats accusing the Tea Party of being paid protesters. Oh wait. No I don't. 
Because that's what they do so they assume everyone else does it.[Trump paid actors to cheer for him.](http://www.businessinsider.com/paid-actors-at-donald-trump-announcement-2015-6)
The Trump disease is getting more contagious. You are sick Mr. Chaffetz. Go get yourself some Obamacare.http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/nov/22/donald-trump/fact-checking-trumps-claim-thousands-new-jersey-ch/
A lot of very smart people are saying 3-5 million illegals are following Chaffetz around, hounding him.
[Here is a picture of me after a hard day of protesting.](https://media.giphy.com/media/16NCZpTx3QQXS/giphy.gif)
Where does one sign up to be a paid protestor? 
What?  chafffetz does not understand that what goes around comes around again to bite you on the butt?Did not the Tea Party do the very same thing only on the opposite side?
Perhaps he can find a safe space to duck into. Sorry, I meant 'patriot space' of course.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oOEoE8aIgXwThis guy was a moron before Trump and he's an even bigger one post Trump. Please, Utah, quit voting for him.
Where do I fill out an application to get paid to protest?  I didn't realize it came with a paycheck, this whole time I've been doing it and haven't received a dime. 
I was there this last Thursday and I find his comments personally insulting. We were all real and most of us had prepared questions for the Q and A. It was not a protest initially, we all showed up to go to the town hall. But they purposefully held it in too small of a venue (it was in a high school auditorium.) Inside there were empty seats that they did not allow to be filled. The audience was not given a microphone so people had to shout their questions, which gave the illusion that people were shouting at him. They could have done the townhall in the basketball gym and seated so many more people, but instead they chose the smaller space. Even the media had a hard time getting good audio feed (I talked to one of the TV guys outside.) We were loud because our voices were purposefully shut out at this sham of a townhall. 
Chaffetz can't expect to run the Trump playbook too.  There's only one Trump, and people are pretty sick and tired of Trump's bullshit - we're certainly not going to allow another politician to try to gaslight us.  I hope the protesters follow him everywhere until he does his fucking job.
Payback's a bitch Congressman--get used to it, you have at least two more years to answer for your actions.  Better actions, less bitching and demonstrations--get it?????
And Democrats are said to be the out of touch ones. 
It's all the same for Republicans isn't it? If reality doesn't agree with them then it is fake. If people don't like them they must be paid to do so. 
This is pathetic and childish.However, as shown by the polls indicating that a large number of Americans think the fake Bowling Green massacre is justification for Trump's Muslim ban, we **should not laugh this blatant bullshit off, because too many of our fellow citizens will believe it**.These liars need to be rebuked, publicly, forcefully, and often.
I was there this last Thursday and I find his comments personally insulting. We were all real and most of us had prepared questions for the Q and A. It was not a protest initially, we all showed up to go to the town hall. But they purposefully held it in too small of a venue (it was in a high school auditorium.) Inside there were empty seats that they did not allow to be filled. The audience was not given a microphone so people had to shout their questions, which gave the illusion that people were shouting at him. They could have done the townhall in the basketball gym and seated so many more people, but instead they chose the smaller space. Even the media had a hard time getting good audio feed (I talked to one of the TV guys outside.) We were loud because our voices were purposefully shut out at this sham of a townhall. 
Paid protesters, alternative-facts, fake news, so-called judges/presidents...
The GOP doesn't care about documentation for this sort of thing. They don't care what we think; they only care about the zombies who've been brainwashed for 35+ years to believe everything they say is gospel truth. This will change when we start getting up off of our butts and voting them out of office in large numbers.
Well of course the reporters can't find them. They are paid by the fake news media to not look for them. /sThis paid protester thing is such an obvious dog whistle at this point. They know its not true, but it gives them a Get Out of Jail Free card with the GOP base to act like complete assholes to their own constituents.
.... and who exactly would be paying these protesters? What sinister organization is behind this nefarious plan to keep Americans in health insurance? What is their repugnant motive in ensuring people don't die painful deaths in poverty?I don't know why I bother, neither truth, nor reason have anything to do with anything that is or is about to happen in America.
Trump has all the Republicans believing that any sort of opposition are paid protesters which doesn't make sense at all. If these people are paid someone would've blown the whistle already. I guess to prove to them that they are hated we have to vote them out unless there's some sort of voter fraud.You know Trump accuses people of what he himself is guilty of.
This is what will eventually turn peaceful protests and demonstrations into violent ones. You can't tell people that the things they care about don't matter. And you definitely can't tell them *that they themselves don't even believe in what they are protesting.* When they are calling these people paid protestors they're essentially telling them that not only is the issue they are protesting inconsequential, but they are not a valid voice. They're saying, I'm not going to listen to you no matter how many times you show up here. But they're doing this on purpose to goad people into violence. That way they can say, Look! Tolerant left huh? Then they can start stripping away our civil liberties and strengthening the already overzealous enforcement against protests. 
Are there really people getting paid just to be liberal and yell at Republicans? Sweet! How can I get in on that?
They just can't imagine that real people are concerned about losing their healthcare, despite that being the main force that put a lot of them in office. 
This whole Everyone who doesn't think I'm the best is a paid protester or is fake news is getting real old. As a young adult, please act more like I imagined adults would. I swear I feel more mature than most of the people in government and I'm a lying alcoholic. 
This makes him look like an even bigger idiot.
Chaffetz is a fool who should be recalled.
Chaffetz is making this claim NOT for his opponents, be that media or democrats.He is _only_ pushing this bullshit for his followers and his media bubble.
...Chaffetz now says even the reporters are paid protesters.
Vote him out.  There's a message that's tough to argue. 
He probably just accidentally saw a poor person when his limo driver took a wrong turn. 
Everyone who doesn't agree with the political status quo is a paid protester nowadays. This is getting ridiculous.
Any news against me = fakeAny protesting against me = paidTrump and Chaffetz are much more of the same than Chaffetz or moderate Republicans will admit...
Where are all these people hiring protesters, I could use some extra cash. 
Investigations shows no paid provocateurs so it's actually angry Utahans tired of the teabbager who's been feeding them shit and screwing them.
Yeah, by 'paid protester' they really mean, 'some folks who read about it on Facebook' and showed up.
This might be the strangest Republican talking point. And that's a serious competition.Who would pay protesters??? Anyone with the money to pay hundreds/thousands of protesters can easily bypass protesting and use the money much more effectively in the avenues open to the rich.It's such a stupid argument. Who falls for this shit??
Denial isn't just a river in Egypt... apparently it's the new name for the Potomac, too.
Where are the applications for these paid protester gigs?  Do they pay for room and board while traveling?  Is there a per diem?  If someone wanted to pay me to follow around Jason Chaffetz and yell at him, I definitely would.
More GOP projection? Maybe the Democrats stole a page from their playbook?[HOW BIG OIL AND BIG TOBACCO PARTNERED WITH THE KOCH BROTHERS TO TAKE OVER THE GOP](http://time.com/secret-origins-of-the-tea-party)
What's the complaint? Job creation at its finest.
Well of course not, would George Soros' minions fall for that? The librul media is probably helping cover it up!We need to get t_d on this, I'm sure they'll get to the bottom of it
Utah/district voters. you guys know what to do. Please vote this fuck out of office.
Anyone else see the parallels between now and the civil rights movement? These are outside ****** coming down here to cause trouble, our ****** are goo little ****** who love us
So fucking predictable. These guys are running out of  fresh lies.
What a funny way to spell the word constituents
This is where you are reminded Republicans have been using Trump tactics for decades. 
Look! Look! Republicans are bringing back jobs! /s
Nobody has to pay me. He better get used to being yelled at. Hopefully he will come to the realization that hurting the old and weak is not how he wants to be remembered in the history books. He can turn it around, just has to say he had a Jesus moment.
At that town hall?  Those are your fucking constituents chaffetz.
Please, someone pay me to protest this asshat. I mean I'd do it for free, but being paid would be nice.  
He's a crybaby. And a weasel.  
Why would someone pay for something people are willing to do for free?
Hopefully Utah will turn out to vote and kick these people to the curb in 2018
Republican Conspiracy theories always require such a high threshold of basic logistics and operational oversight to even be remotely feasible. Do they not realize how much friggin paper trail would exist if there was actually major coordinated efforts to hoist paid protesters around?  Not to mention how relatively easy it should be for a moderate/independent/unaffiliated person to expose the whole thing. Not to mention all the boring, procedural, day-by-day rigors that come with organizing *anything* in any capacity. I mean shit, it'd be hard enough to get this to work properly happening entirely in the open, but add a layer of secrecy to it? forget about it. But as with so many other republican conspiracy theories, the fantasy *feels* right and that overrides any logistical underpinnings that would make it effectively impossible to actually pull off. 
How much are they paying these 3 million people?  $10 each would be $30million.  I know I wouldn't come out to something I didn't support for $10.
I would LOOOOVVVEE to get paid to protest this guy.   Just point me in the right direction.
Holy shit, now even the regular republicans are expouting this paid protester drivel.  Fucking cowards, I'm going to make sure to go out of my way to contribute in some way against their reelections, all of them.  Assholes don't deserve to be a manager at a Dennys let alone a senator.
The good thing is though with statements like this he's only pushing away more voters from the Republican party. 
Once again, I prove how I stink at conspiracies. First by being Jewish and not getting invited into any secret meetings of Jews Who Run The World. Now by protesting and not getting paid for it.
Chaffetz's paid liars told him to say that.
Wahhh wahhh wahhhh paid protesters wahhh wahhhh soros wahhhh wahhh wahhhh unfair!!!--every republican when the people they represent complain about their bullshit.  Never their fault.  Never.
Wait so the guy who said he couldn't support Trump because of his teenage daughter suddenly has lied?!? I'm so surprised!
No credibilityNone
FUCK JASON CHAFFETZ. Guy's a grade-A turd
That's how cognitive dissonance works.1: Start with 1 unfalliable belief I am an amazing politician and everyone loves me2: Be presented with new evidence which contradicts your unfalliable belief All of these people hate me and are criticizing my political skills3: Invent a new belief that makes the first 2 points compatible, without changing the initial belief. All of these people are paid protestors, no one *actually* hates me
HAHAHAIf you face public backlash, it is paid protestors. If it is a scathing news report, it is fake news. Can't wait till anyone who criticizes the government is a 5th column member.
He should just go on thinking they are paid, then he won't even try to change his behavior until and up to the time for reelection.
Where can I sign up to be a paid protestor? Where can you find these jobs? And who is paying people to protest? I would really like to know. So would many others who would love to have this job. 
Amazing.  Every piece of news they dislike is fake news.  Every protester that shows up to ask for accountability is a paid protester.  
Who paid them?Also, how do I apply?
It's amazing how easy it is for Chaffetz to hear the concerns of his constituents, and immediately cast them off as paid lies. 
Chaffetz is attacking our National Parks and Wildlife Refuges by introducing multiple legislative bills that would allow him to sell off public land and get rid of Park Rangers and law enforcement. Those people are very real Chaffetz and we won't be going away.
Projection.
Yeah, but *paid* reporters.^^^/s
Simplest way to make him believe..... vote him out.
Chaffetz should not be reelected in 2018. 
Is this shithead up for re-election in 2018?
Unless he hired some of his own.
Gaslighting.
What a cheap, disgusting cop out. Chaffetz is a scum bag.
[What they believe is happening](https://i.imgur.com/WsvCz1Y.jpg) 
Well, OF COURSE the media didn't find any paid protesters. The fake failing media is in on the deception as well. The alternative fact that they didn't find anybody is just proof that it DID happen.
I'm suree Acron will ~~pat~~ find some people who will ~~lie about~~ being a paid protester. 
if paid protesting is a kind of job, trump really has brought the jobs back to America
No no, you misunderstand, he's talking about the reporters. ^^;)
The reporters are being paid not to tell the truth! /s
He's one of those people who can die and the world will be a better place.
All politicians accept money for influence. What is good for the goose is good for the gander. Is he not a capitalist? BTW I don't believe the dissenters are being paid, just making the point that in today's society money equals speech. 
To the contrary, paid off politicians are fucking over these protesters. 
If journalists are spending time looking into the false narrative of paid protesters, then that's less time they have to focus on why Chaffetz isn't investigating Conway's recent free commercial, or the ample evidence of Russian involvement with the Trump administration.
It's like the idiots who cry shut up liberals you lost can't fathom the idea that regardless of political party or political ideologies your constituents are your constituents and you are beholden to them.No American should even be surprised abiut thr GOP not wanting to govern; unless they forgot how the GOP furloughed the federal government for an ideological stand.
Jason Chafffetz just keep feeding your bullshit to the 2 million Fox News viewers. 330 million don't watch Fox News and looking around the country more and more people are beginning to catch on to your Republican Religion Bullshit
Maybe it's his conscience 
That would be a gravy job. Sign me up.
But Chaffetz and the rest of the gang would still be elected.  
Republicans upset at job creators creating jobs and using money as speech when it's all made up instead of real!
The picture they use is literally someone hounding him.
The reporters were paid to lie about it too /s.
Evidently we need an Oversight Committee to oversee the Oversight Committee of this Republican Establishment. They must not continue these lies and expect votes.
He's from Utah.  Where are the gold tablets they got their commandments on?  More like a welfare state.
[Still waiting on my big bag of protester money.](https://i.redditmedia.com/VvjZ_a3KOKHbVgKqoHmNiirIqQ8peDK_bhD7A7Fictg.jpg?w=794&s=be9cf073829811f51efab665f3cfa1fc)
They aren't trying very hard then.  Such protests are organized by professionals.  I'd suggest they start with Alliance for a better Utah who has been involved in similar efforts in the past.
Yeah because they're going to admit they're paid...
What a f**cking moron.  Ask God, Chaffetz.  He might try to tell you the Truth to your vaunted ego.
Why there isn't bigger outrage about this stuff scares me.  The Republicans are trying to delegitimize any and all dissent to their actions.
lol the only person thats paying people is trump
Or maybe you're just, i don't know, an asshole, mister chaffetz?
More like protesters hounding paid congressman.
I think people are reading his messaging all wrong. If any of you have been to certain 3rd world countries, you'd know that he's saying something very clear. I'll break it down...* Chaffetz says anyone protesting is paid.* That suggests he doesn't believe anyone would bother protesting/advocating for that position, unless they got paid.* Chaffetz will not advocate for the position the protesters want; Why would he? He's not getting paid to take that position.He's a professional politician. He can't just come out and say, Pay me to change my position. Naturally, since most of us don't operate in the world of politics, we don't catch the subtle language behind bribery and influence.tl;dr; Chaffetz will change his position when he gets paid to.
He said protestors, what he meant was conscience. His conscience is hounding him.
Looks like Republican guilt is coming back to bite them on the ass after they were caught busing in paid protesters to ACA town hall meetings during ACA negotiations.  Unlike that astroturfed effort, current political opposition to ACA repeal is a real grassroots expression.Chaffetz can't and won't recognize the public will on this matter and scores of other issues even when the American people are slapping him in the face as we are all witnessing.
Spicer you and your Boss, are the only lairs.I went to a protest in Phoenix today, and I am going to a protest, on my Lunch hour on Monday, and now I m Bringing as many co-workers as I can. We need more protests on Lunch Break.  High Noon. This way we work`n folk dont miss our pay. 
They're probably paid reporters! I mean...wait
Reporters of fake news. /s
Trump has really released the inner whiny little bitch inside the GOP politicians.
Doesn't matter. He said it, and that's the truth for his supporters from now on. 
Yea right, you're all paid and we know it. Nice try Soros, nice try. 
Every time something happens that I think should give Republicans a moment of self-reflection, they just resort to deflection instead. I'm sure many of us have had that moment here, where we go over to T_D and think SURELY they must at least be showing some concern this time. Nope, they just plead the George Soros and go about their shitty business.It makes me feel hopeless about them, honestly. There's always some scary outside influence they can point a finger at. Where's the accountability?In fairness, I should point out that I see this on the Democratic side too. The Russian hysteria has provided a cop-out to keep them away from dealing with their own issues. In that aspect, I actually think further proof of a Trump-Putin scandal could be worse for the Democratic party than it would be for the Republican party (who could easily disown Trump as an outsider).
Reporters cant find a single one... that will admit it.
Clearly this story is accurate, because no one would lie to a reporter, and no reporter would lie. Not a single one.
Most reporters these days are paid protesters
Yes because a paid protester would admit that they were a paid protester. This article is trash. 
[I don't know, looks like at least 1.5 million people to me](http://handbill.us/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/C39HeuOVUAERb45-1.jpg)
He is taking notes from the WH's playbook, attempting to discredit bad press to ward off accountability. It's despicable. But whether he chooses to believe it or not, the *fact* remains that a sizable vocal group of his constituents are angry and paying attention. In a state known for its tight-knit communities, I imagine word travels fast, which seems like it could work against him here. 
Hitler's Big Lie:>All this was inspired by the principlewhich is quite true within itselfthat in the big lie there is always a certain force of credibility; because the broad masses of a nation are always more easily corrupted in the deeper strata of their emotional nature than consciously or voluntarily; and thus in the primitive simplicity of their minds they more readily fall victims to the big lie than the small lie, since they themselves often tell small lies in little matters but would be ashamed to resort to large-scale falsehoods.>It would never come into their heads to fabricate colossal untruths, and they would not believe that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously. Even though the facts which prove this to be so may be brought clearly to their minds, they will still doubt and waver and will continue to think that there may be some other explanation. For the grossly impudent lie always leaves traces behind it, even after it has been nailed down, a fact which is known to all expert liars in this world and to all who conspire together in the art of lying.Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf, vol. I, ch. Xand the Goebbels playbook, where he honed and refined the concept:>If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and/or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State...>
> Another Big Lie from Republicans.> They have to contrive B.S. like this so they can disregard valid dissent about their crappy policies.in SPACE
And he'll say paid voters voted him out next year.  
Big Lie. Big Ly. Bigly. They've been telling us this whole time right to our faces!
They are all about diversion. That's why we have to stay focused!
How does one get a job as a paid protestor? It doesn't even sound like a real thing. Never seen a want ad or Craigs List post.
Yet Trump fanatics will believe this fake news.
POTUS SCOTUS SENATE HOUSE. <<< Why do we have them???? Because we have the TRUTH. Unlike this subreddit.
r/asktrumpsupporters
The Dems keep shooting themselves. The Dems do have a history of paying protest organizers and try to make it look organic and natural. Because of this now the republicans can just cry paid protestor whenever they find it convenient. 
There's clear evidence this happened in the Trump rallies and continues on from there in places like DC inaguration, Berkeley, and now town halls.  Google the name Robert Creamer DNC and get back to your latte.
The TEA Party was what they call astro-turfing. Citizens for Prosperity and Crossroads GPS would bus seniors to town halls to have them protest of why they did not support the Affordable Care Act. These people were not paid, but their protest was not organic *in organizational structure*.
Actually, lots have people have said it's origin was inorganic, and there is evidence to suggest that's true. Perhaps Just more projection...time.com/secret-origins-of-the-tea-party/
No one had a hard time believing Republicans were dumb enough to show up at town halls and say Keep your government hands of my Medicare for free
Their misplaced anger was fueled and funded by major donors like the Koch brothers/Fox News, but neither they nor the Republican party could control the raging wildfire it became. 
Let's play Devil's Advocate for a moment then. Suppose Spicer is correct, and the protests really are paid. What does that say about the level of discontent, that opposition to the administration is actually an industry now, that it can support paid employment? And how does that reflect on the administration's job creation tagline, when thousands of people are gaining employment not by the administration, but in opposition to it? He really ought to drop that argument immediately.
[Don't forget that time a man in a doctor costume was at a Trump rally](https://imgur.com/gallery/8JFjL)
Accuse the other side of what you want to do : set up false equivalency (oh both sides are the same!) : people don't care as much about your evil shenanigans because oh everyone is doing it!
Thieves always think other people are stealing. 
What is this rhetorical technique called, anyway? (Assuming it's intentional and not projection.) That is, If you're worried someone will accuse you of X, accuse them of X first so that when they accuse you they're in a weaker position. It's not a fallacy exactly because it isn't attempting to make an argument, it's just preparing the emotional ground of the argument. 
>[When and if fascism comes to America it will not be labeled made in Germany; it will not be marked with a swastika; it will not even be called fascism; it will be called, of course, Americanism](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-1DcC1X458JY/TkkToRY0xgI/AAAAAAAACz8/EPUzL-5iwKI/s1600/Fascism.png)I almost can't believe all the anti-antifa stuff I'm constantly seeing in the new feed and all over conservative propaganda sites. They are building up a giant strawman and labeling anti-racists, leftists, and democracy and civil liberties activists as fascists ... and to what end? What is the end game here, figuring out legal ways to jail political dissenters? They are deliberately obfuscating the meaning of the word fascism. Shit is going to get a lot worse than most of us imagine possible even now.
They see it works. Tell a big lie and repeat it enough and their base will eat it all up and spit it back out everywhere they can and cannot be reasoned with.
Please stop calling it Obamacare.  The Republicans branded that as a weapon AGAINST the Affordable Care Act.It's the Affordable Care Act.. ACA.. not O*care...
lol are dead people whispering to you again Donald 
Hey, I got my BA in Civil Disobedience just for the mad cash.
They pay you cash the day off?! Who is your boss?I get checks and have to claim professional protester on my taxes
It's sad, I have a lot of activist friends and they've pretty much all retired now, in their 40s, so they can just live off all the money George Soros has been paying them.
Bowling Green Community Center.
howtogetfatpaydaysfromgeorgesoros.com
Srsly, I spend a lot of time organizing and protesting to the point that is has become my second job. Where's my money DJT, the ratings machine??
lol you guys are so funny 
I know, right? I've been doing it for free! 
Moveon.org 
That very same Tea Party is the wave he rode into office. That's the real fucking irony here. 
That's *why* he's so certain it's not his constituents. That exact sort of action is what got him elected. Of course he expects those trying to unseat him to use the same tactics.
This motherfucker is going to go down in history books and his last name will be as tarnished as Nixon's.
He had a fantastic challenger last time. Stephen Tryon was a Wespoint/Stanford graduate and he earned the Bonze Star. Chaffetz used to sell Nuskin, that's a pyramid scheme
Utah also stop it with the Rob Bishop. 
I currently reside in Utah. They only care about the Mormon church and Republicans. They're oblivious to anything outside of that bubble. There are a lot of liberals in Salt Lake City but unfortunately the city isn't large enough to influence the whole state's votes.
Utah Republicans like McMuffin need to primary his ass so bad.
> Please, Utah, quit voting for him.He has already has the Holy Trinity to get elected in this state: LDS, BYU, GOP.
Hey, back of the line! ;)
I'm still waiting on my motherfucking check for the women's march. 
well, fish rots from the head. until Trump gets impeached, all these already shady politicians finally have an excuse to act this way. I'm not saying it is not disgusting, but I can see why he is doing it. 
This will only stop when the voters shame them for doing it. Until then they will keep making up bullshit because it is what Republican voters want to hear
[A reporter asked him that question](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html)>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.
George Soros. Can't forget that big money Jewish world-wide conspiracy!^/s ^^(CauseSomeoneActuallyBelievesThat,Sadly)
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/may/19/hired-black-lives-matter-protesters-start-cutthech/This has been going on for years. When they got stiffed by their backers they protested that.
If you're a functional alcoholic you probably are more mature.
The man got his ass handed to him at a town hall [and he learned nothing from the people](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html) who showed up to question him. >Chaffetz said the crowd that filled the auditorium at Brighton High School in Cottonwood Heights and spilled over into a protest outside included people brought in from other states to disrupt the meeting.>Absolutely. I know there were, he said, suggesting it was more of a paid attempt to bully and intimidate than a reflection of the feelings of his 3rd District constituents.>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.
I used to think that but after reading [this story](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html) I'm starting to think that he believes the bullshit he is spewing. >Chaffetz said the crowd that filled the auditorium at Brighton High School in Cottonwood Heights and spilled over into a protest outside included people brought in from other states to disrupt the meeting.>Absolutely. I know there were, he said, suggesting it was more of a paid attempt to bully and intimidate than a reflection of the feelings of his 3rd District constituents.>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.
These people were paid to vote me out.
I haven't ever thought of it like this. Thanks
It happens on both sides, don't really understand why you'd think its not real. Koch brothers and soros are willing to spend this type of money for a bigger return. Here's an article from this same source regarding the Koch brothers. This site is associated with Soros, podesta and David Brock. https://thinkprogress.org/astroturf-in-action-right-wing-billionaire-david-koch-pays-for-40-buses-to-haul-in-protesters-518e8aed42f5#.d42jqkx8b
By then it will be took late for him (I hope).
That was a big issue brought up by several people who showed up in our rural Democratic party meeting.  The GOP is stupid to go after public lands if they want people who use public lands to vote for them again.
The entire house is up for reelection every two years. It's senators that serve a six-year term and have two off elections before they have to run again.
Because they're not paid, imbecile. It's a lie. I watched my neighbors protest a week ago, and not a single one was paid. It's happening all over the country and TBH they're lucky they're not being attacked by angry mobs by now for the lies, slander and Trump collusion with Russia. But, even that is likely only a matter of time at this rate. You tools have no clue what you've started.
He's caught in a pickle. More of his constituency want to fix it than repeal it but more of his base wants to repeal it than improve it. Literally a lose lose situation for a lot of these GOP guys.
If you have money to pay thousands of protesters. You don't pay protesters.  You funnel that money into more influential channels in government like all the other rich people. This paid protestors bullshit is getting really old and weak. 
lol
On the other hand, what evidence or proof is Chaffetz offering for his claims of paid protesters? Should be a simple question for you to answer if it is something you believe. Or are you simply taking his word for it? Because no politician would lie to his constituents. Not a single one, right?
If paid protesters won't admit they're paid, how did Chafftz find out?
So explain how Chaffetz knows they are paid protesters.
Yup, 2 stars-and-stripes hats, 3 maga caps...  you're right!^*^* ^sampling ^error ^of  ^1.499992 ^million+/-
Sure it's a small number physically, but if you count all their sockpuppet accounts it's probably a few mil.
That is the largest rally ever in Portland, PERIOD!
They are PAID supporters !
Screw you and your fake news! There are literally TRILLIONS ^^^^^of ^^^^^microorganisms in that picture. The lying media at it again!
I know this rally gets laughed at but I support direct action, even if it's small, even if I disagree with the cause. I love seeing the women's marches in small towns. I went to a small local vigil the first weekend of the travel ban to voice my displeasure in the administration. Sure it's easy to laugh off but it's my right to be out there and I'll do it alone, with 7 other people or with 100,000 other people. 
It's Portland, ME but still a small crowd 
I think it's that he lost the behind-doors battle.  - Chaffetz gets ambushed by pissed off constituents because he supports President Moron.  - Chaffetz complains to President Moron that he is getting ambushed by pissed off constituents.  - President Moron explains that **he** is President Moron, while Chaffetz is merely *Representative* Moron, so Chaffetz will not get any help from the White House and he'd better not **blame** the White House unless we wants to have his career destroyed.  - Chaffetz begins to drink heavily and takes the only path available to him.  
Also since we're quoting Hitler...>Only one thing could have stopped us  if our adversaries had understood its principle and from the first day smashed with the utmost brutality the nucleus of our new movement.  Adolf Hitler
I'll bet Bannon has these passages memorized.
I thought it was in bed.
[citation needed]
Paid organizers and paid protesters are not the same thing. The entire tea party was financed by the Koch brothers. 
Do you have a specific time you're thinking of?
> Google the name Robert Creamer DNCYeah, all I saw was bullshit about a Project Veritas video. No thanks.Protests have been going on for almost a month straight now, and involve millions of people either marching around the country (and world), showing up at airports nationwide, and now attending town hall meetings all over the US. You think Soros or whatever boogeyman you're using nowadays is paying out millions of dollars every weekend to get people to hold signs and chant? How deep do you think his pockets actually are? How do you contend that a nationwide operation like that would work without leaving any legitimate evidence or paper trails? Paid protesters is just the equivalent of shouting fake news when you see a poll or an article that you don't like. Easier to keep your head in the sand and pretend that all of this is a vast conspiracy against Trump, rather than consider the reality that a lot of people really don't like him.
Yeah, it couldn't possibly be that people actually disagree with a President that has a negative popularity rating just 3 weeks into his presidency...
Oh yeah? What about all those paid supporters at Trump's rallies, and at his inauguration, and all those paid voters who voted for him? Google 'lemonparty.org' and you'll bear witness to the vast underground economy that holds together the very fabric of the charade that is American democracy.
Typical perverse projection.  Here's the email sent out by the casting company when it was casting the crowd for Donald Trump's candidacy announcement.Hi thereWe are working helping one of are associates out at Gotham GR  http://gothamgr.com/ with a big event happening on TUESDAY 6/16/15.This is an event in support of Donald Trump and an upcoming exciting announcement he will be making at this event.This event is called People for a Stronger America. The entire group is a pro-small business group that is dedicated to encouraging Donald Trump and his latest ventures. This event will be televised.We are looking to cast people for the event to wear t-shirts and carry signs and help cheer him in support of his announcement.We understand this is not a traditional background job, but we believe acting comes in all forms and this is inclusive of that school of thought.This event is happening LIVE and will be from 8:45AM-11:30AM. LESS THAN 3 HOURSThis will take place inside / interior.The rate for this is: $50 CASH at the end of the event.We would love to book you if you are interested and still available.Please let us know and we will get back to you with confirmation.So there's that.His subsequent FEC filings evidently show that his campaign made a payment to the company concerned (Extra Mile). Although merely based on the volume of this accusation against political opposition, it was probable that Donnie Moscow was paying for crowds.  If you want to know what Donnie Moscow is up to, the accusations he's making about others are a good starting place for clues.  But then that's the GOP's contemporary MO; Donnie Moscow fits right in with that establishment.
>cites James O'Keefe videolol
>There's clear evidence this happened in the Trump rallies and continues on from there in places like DC inaguration, Berkeley, and now town halls.  Google the name Robert Creamer DNC and get back to your latte. Google O'Keeffe for a rebuttal. Both are alleged and unconfirmed.
Lol Project Veritas
> There's clear evidence this happened in the Trump rallies Do you have a source for this claim?
The main paid part of the tea party was never about paying participants.It's the propaganda push by the conservative media that was paid for, national media exposure. Fox News pushed it hard, pretended that 20 people were are huge thing, then there were 200 people because the 20 people protest was covered every day and soon you have 2,000 and then momentum carries it along with the coverage.It's never paid people. It's the organization that is paid, the funding for implementing the efforts that organize the participants.Conservatives responded sincerely. But the whole effort was very well funded and organized at a national level and it was a huge corporate effort to get it off the ground.Progressives are pretty much naturally disorganized. It's like herding cats. When something like this happens, you can be sure that it's all organic because if anyone tried to organize it, it would rapidly splinter into multiple groups who want their own thing. Progressive causes are too diverse and varied to distill it to a few bullet points.
The worst part is that truly think it was so they think their popular support is greater than it really is. 
[The Secret Origins of the Tea Party -HOW BIG OIL AND BIG TOBACCO PARTNERED WITH THE KOCH BROTHERS TO TAKE OVER THE GOP](http://time.com/secret-origins-of-the-tea-party/)>Charles and David Kochwho, if their individual fortunes were combined in one place, would quite possibly represent the wealthiest person on earthhave almost certainly spent or raised more than a billion dollars to successfully bend one of the two national parties in America to their will. The long rise of the Tea Party movement was orchestrated, well funded, and deliberate. Its aim was to break Washington. And it has nearly succeeded, as America saw in the debt-ceiling debacle of 2011, prompted by the Republican Partys demand that the president negotiate over deficit reduction in exchange for an increase in the maximum amount of money the US Treasury is allowed to borrow. There are no mistakes or accidents in the Tea Party movement. Its leadership has made certain of that.
Didn't it start with that so-called rant from that guy on CNBC? Like it was all plotted out?
*Organic* protests are almost nonexistent. Hell, the civil rights movement bussed people all over the nation for protests.
The involvement of moneyed interests was in advertising and planning the protests. Nobody was paid to go. But if a major news network, like, uh, Fox for instance, mentions in their reporting that a major protest is being held this Saturday at noon in these major cities, it's going to get more people showing up.
That's a good point. Because it's a good point, it is likely neither Spicer nor Chaffetz have realized it at all.
What, you don't bring your stethoscope to political rallies?
LOL, and Trump's MAGA camo hat
lol 
That is amazing. Thank you.
Over in T_D they're saying 'the left is already fascist so there's no longer any reason to avoid the appearance of fascism.'They're openly discussing stuff like dismantling the courts and jailing leftists.
This has been going on for awhile and was adopted from the European far right. Of course they hate anti-fascists, so they paint them, and the left as a whole, as the bad guys. It doesn't matter what they call themselves. Most are not going to admit they're authoritarians, especially in online discussion where they're trying to convert people. 
I essentially agree with you, but the issue is that they conflate normal people on the left with ANTIFA scumbags. And yes, a lot of the ANTIFA people are fascist as fuck. Justifying violence against political opponents by dehumanizing them is precisely what the nazis did. Those people are violent imbeciles that engage in crimes so they can tell themselves they're making the world a better place. 
I mean, the President had to endure it as a blow against him for years. Now that the ACA is possibly going away and people are going to realize that they desperately needed it, he deserves for it to be called Obamacare.
I love Trump, but they keep throwing Benjamins at me, so I protest!
Soros is my boss, he carries stacks on stacks of $$$$$$$$!
Has that been reopened since the massacre? 
Where are the job ads to become a paid protester for Moveon.org?  
Sad day when great candidates like that lose to morons.
> There are a lot of liberals in Salt Lake City but unfortunately the city isn't large enough to influence the whole state's votes.Also it's gerrymandered to hell so that not a single seat goes blue.
We should start a union!  WE WANT OUR PAYCHECK!
As if the DNC would send money to districts with Republican House members...   When we run Democrats against the long-time Republican in my rural district, they send very little to help.  We're pretty much on own to find, fund and help our candidate.  The DNC won't even help us compile information about our representative's voting record.  We have to create our own material.
And that is in the United Kingdom not the United States and it's a small handful of people. The Women's March on Washington and this outrage going on now is by no means paid protesters. You say this has been going on for years yet you've given one example which didn't happen in the US but in the UK so I'm led to believe that the UK probably has a problem with paid protests.
Well I might need to be drunk to sleep and socialize with other people but I've never sexually assaulted anyone, but I listen to others who know more than me and I pay taxes. Plus I have an economics degree with a political science minor somewhere, so I probably could do a better job.I'm running for President. I'm up in my alternative polls already. 
This is organizing protesters and providing information and transportation. It's not paying protesters.
The Republicans are trying to destroy the parks their party helped create to sell to corporations that donated to politicians. Theodore Roosevelt (R) would slap the stupid out of Chaffetz if he was alive.
Don't break the sub name calling rules. Also, with the proof of paid protestors in the past, people have the right to be suspicious of situations like this.
The last time we played this game it ended in well anyone can place a Craigslist ad, that doesn't count
Alternate facts; he feels it to be true, therefore it is true.I seriously think this is the level a lot of republicans are running on now.
Oh come on, trying to bring logic to an argument? What is this, 2015?
[Baghdad Bob is back](http://i.imgur.com/eC8yz0X.jpg)
> stars-and-stripes hatsSurprised they aren't star and bars caps. 
On the Internet, it seems like 80% of people love Trump. It's even worse on Yahoo, Twitter, and Youtube (check out the comments on every CNN video). Of course Breitbart and similar websites as well, but that's a given. They have a lot more time on their hands and are obsessed with spewing their crap all over, not to mention Russia's online propaganda force likely helping out.
Solid point. I would also argue that the number of subscribers to /r/the_comrade should also be included.
> Chaffetz begins to drink heavily.Q: How do you get a Utah Republican to stop drinking all the beer on your fishing trip?  A: Invite two of them.
Except I'm guessing he's mormon and that path isn't even available to him
> * President Moron explains that he is *President* Moron, while Chaffetz is merely *Representative* Moron, so Chaffetz will not get any help from the White House and he'd better not blame the White House unless we wants to have his career destroyed.I think you mean Representative **Mormon**
I'm on mobile. Basically a Soros PAC staffer used their real name when interviewing on TV which exposed them. Then people looked more into it and found their Facebook and were able to track these staffers going to all these anti trump protests. I mean it shouldn't be a mystery why suddenly soon as it was apparent that these BLM protests were actually helping Trump and Trump was baiting them to protest by holding rallies in liberal areas he had no way of winning, the protests which were happening every day suddenly stopped once it clearly was helping him. They also are mentioned briefly in the email leaks. The reason the BLM protestors were always chanting Bernie Sanders name at these events was to not tie Clintons name with them. 
I know. But that's what they mean by paid protestors. Basically Dems get these organizers to get a bunch of busses and ships people into protest. It's viewed as less organic. 
The anti trump protests backfired big time but around that time those protests were being organized by super pacs. 
Bullshit.  A large percentage of the protests you see on TV is manufactured, and you know it.  There a fucking signs that are professionally painted literally minutes after something breaks. Many people show up within an hour, almost as if they were given marching orders.  Its all PR and using the media.  Hell, Trump does it too to perfection.  I'm objective on most things, but something I'm really good at is sniffing out Bullshit and bullshitters like yourself.  Not buying it.
Would a negative popularity rating mean fewer than zero people like him?
My favorite site. Rock hard, penetrating journalism
[deleted]
I'm 100% sure I'm not going to Google that.
[FEC Filing Proves Trump Paid Actors to Pose as Supporters at Campaign Announcement](http://www.mediaite.com/online/fec-filing-proves-trump-paid-actors-to-pose-as-supporters-at-campaign-announcement/)and [Donald Trump Escapes FEC Punishment Over Paid Actors at Presidential Announcement](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/donald-trump-escapes-fec-punishment-paid-actors-at-presidential-announcement-966428)
That is not true at all. Trump has caused a lot of organic protests. The Women's March was started by a woman on Facebook in Hawaii. Not Planned Parenthood or Moveon.org  Sure, these groups had people who participated, but they were not organizing the protests. When Trump started his immigration ban, people showed up at JFK Airport and protested. That was organic, no one was telling them to go. They just went where they could have the most attention.Hell even when Michael Brown was killed by police, people in St. Louis showed up that night to protest in the streets over police brutality. 
Nonsense.  The largest protests in history have been organic.  
Precisely.
The left are fascists... while the GOP president continues to run his corporation and calls for the destruction of checks and balances in the name of nationalistic fears of the other.
Those guys project more than an IMAX multiplex during opening weekend of a new Star Wars movie...
Fascism, fake news, vote rigging, the alt-right's entire strategy is saying I know you are but what am I.And it's incredibly effective because people are fucking stupid. 
To be fair, it's hard for Russians to understand why that's not the logical next step after winning an election.
You should've seen the piles of money I made just living on the streets of San Francisco for a few months during the Occupy movement! One of the best career choices ever.There was even a free weed and sodomy tent!
Soros goes up in a hot air balloon, and throws down money to his army of protestors 
Yup. They opened up a new one in Atlanta.
It wasn't turned into a memorial some time ago.  Never remember, always forget.
America circa 2016-????.
*We could always try protesting?!*
https://youtu.be/2OVHb-zc4LwIt's kinda obvious that at least some of the recent rabble rousing has some wealthy backers.Who paid for all those busses?
You questioned why the rich would support protesting. There are plenty of examples out there. You're really underestimating the importance of showing a visual support for or against something. Why would the Koch brothers pay for 40 buses to haul in protesters? In your opinion they could do much better things with their money.
Nope. That's simply you making excuses for an overt effort by elected officials to delegitimize free speech. By enabling via excusing this, you're part of the problem.
I am not playing a game; I am asking a question. I have no idea what you are saying. Can you provide an answer? If not then you are simply contributing noise.
OK guys, I'll admit it.  A bunch of us were paid to be there to support Chaffetz.  
Sorry, my bad....eh hem.....FAKE NEWS, LIBRUL CONSPIRACY!!!Better? ;p)
Portland, MainePortland: Georgia, Arkansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Tennessee or Texas prob diff story.
Side note: I've noticed that most of the people that were bitching about the Women's March and how they don't have jobs are in shit tier jobs at Republican (LMAO) owned corporations like Walmart and McDonald's where you are scheduled to work on the weekends. Most of my facebook friends that went to the march have M-F/9-5 jobs in offices. Kind of ironic given the high amount of Pro-Trump support posts on this site and others during actual work hours.You really can't make up how stupid this stuff is lately.
Russian propaganda isn't just a likelihood, it's a fact:http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/russia-trolls-cyberattacks-propaganda-influence-election/story?id=44610568https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/russian-propaganda-effort-helped-spread-fake-news-during-election-experts-say/2016/11/24/793903b6-8a40-4ca9-b712-716af66098fe_story.htmlhttp://www.cnn.com/2016/12/02/politics/russia-fake-news-reality/The problem is that a lot of people think they are too smart to be susceptible to propaganda. Spoiler: you aren't. No one is. It takes active critical thinking and vigilance to be relatively unscathed by this shit.
**NEVER** ever look at Yahoo comments lol. I did once and my eyes didn't stop bleeding for weeks. The vile, racist, cancer that exists on Yahoo comments is probably only outmatched by DailyStormer message boards. 
They have a lot of time on their hands waiting for the coal jobs to come back. 
Here's the thing: it's really easy to make youtube accounts. They make about a zillion and they all upvote each other. 
so true, I love this
I don't get it. Because they'll share it or they don't want the other to see them drinking it? 
Na Mormons drink plenty as long as they are alone. sorta like how their church hates porn but it has the highest porn subscriptions out of any state.
Wait...so someone who is a registered Democrat, who works for George Soros' PAC, was actually out protesting a Republican in name only President Donald Trump? No shit. I could have told you that without any evidence. 
Based on that theory, wouldn't Walmart be a huge conspirator in the Great Paid Protestors scheme? They're the largest employer, right? That should mean you could find pics of activists on thousands of Walmart employees' social media pages. And if Soros is an activist, he would be even more likely to attract people as employees who are likely to be activists. Evidence of employee participation is not evidence of some huge outlay of cash for that specified purpose. How much did it cost this cabal to send half a million women to Washington? Did they get paid time above their expenses? Or is it more likely that women decided to go to Washington?I just got through making a similar point on another sub, asking how I could get one of these jobs (but making social media posts rather than protesting). I sincerely want to know.To say the least I'm highly skeptical that either the left OR the right is paying anybody to make tweets. Go look at the massive voting numbers from the election, and compare that to the views or retweets even the largest influencers get. It's just not a drop in the bucket. Anyone paying people to do what we all do for leisure is a fool. 
[citation still needed]
Still waiting on that citation.
Then you are basically saying that the tea party was fake. In fact, every large scale protest right or left is fake.
Where is your proof of these buses going into Chaffetz's town hall?  Seems you have quite the scoop!  The media would love to see it.  I'll be watch the news tonight because I'm sure you will be able to provide this evidence that you are so confident of.  Please keep us posted so we can all come back and thank you for show by us your proof.  I don't believe someone in the internet would just make these allegations up, especially a Trump supporter.  We all know Trump supporters are very careful with the truth and consistently provide evidence for their claims.  I'm going to turn in the news now because I know your proof is going to be televised any second now!  Exciting stuff!
Source?
If that's the case, the bus companies must have records that would be pretty easy to find. Not to mention busing in that many people requires a place to put the busses, etc.When we had the Muslim Day at the Capitol last week, lots of people were coming in via bus from all over the state - about 500 people in all - and dealing with the buses was a nightmare.That was 12 buses in all. The protests you're talking about number in the thousands. Ergo, it should be easy to find these buses.
Again, please provide this evidence.  Can't wait!
No they weren't.   You aren't providing evidence you're providing false assertions.
Wait, so any protest that is organized in advance and doesn't spring up from passers-by in the heat of the moment is manufactured bullshit? Because I signed on for a march two days in advance and had plenty of time to get a sign printed at Kinko's.
No, *I* call bullshit. I wish I could get paid for this shit, but I most certainly am not. And if you think people can't print signs at their local Kinkos or whatever the hell it's called these days... or pay $3 for a piece of foamcore... or download an image and print it, you're delusional. I've been to five--fucking FIVE--protests so far in, and nary a person I've met has been fronted by any sort of filthy lucre. Another reason some people have fancy signs? Groups such as Planned Parenthood, the ACLU, and TIRCC actually spend a few dollars to print up reusable signs for local members. Calling us paid is fucking insulting, and you're playing right into the GOP's narrative.
Lol and you know it is not at all convincing. Every protest has organizers. Having signs and shit doesn't mean the actual people there are being paid, it means a mass protest had some level of organization. No shit - that's true of every large protest ever. People show up when things happen, this isn't some grand conspiracy. 
Dude you are so wrong. 
I am a paid protestor. I love Trump, but George Soros keeps slinging that cash money my way.
Do you have any idea how much it would cost to pay for all of these protests? Do the math. Do you know what a talent agency costs? I don't, but Trump does from when he hired then for his first rally. Use those numbers multiplied by the number of protesters and whatever it costs to buy out all the media. At least put some work into this.
How about you go to the next one in your town and find out for yourself if people are being paid?
Hahahahahahaha hahaha.........hahahahahahahahahahaOh god I needed that. Thanks for the laugh.Citing paid protests! Is the most intellectually dishonest way of deligitimizing opposition. It's so damn transparent. Paid protests fake news and big boy nap are going to be the jokes of this administration after they are gone in 4 years.
I'm from New England and am heading down to DC in a couple of weeks by bus with a group that has planned this in an Indivisible meeting that we've been having for weeks now. No one is funding us; none of us are getting paid by a shadowy consortium of billionaires (lol). We have pooled our own money for transportation and lodgings (though a lot of us are couch surfing or air b&Bing).Hate to break it to you, little bootlickers, but the left is mobilizing. You can try to uphold the Big Lie, but the truth is winning already.https://www.indivisibleguide.com/https://www.runforsomething.net/[...and everyone will be here this time](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C3HBsAnXAAIxR8o.jpg)
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
You're a dumbass 
Either you need to recalibrate your bullshit detector or you're holding the thing upside-down. I organize protests. Nobody gets paid on those things, even though a lot of people probably deserve to for all the time and work they put in.> Many people show up within an hour, almost as if they were given marching orders.That's called *being prepared*. I didn't get that one from George Soros, I learned it in the Boy Scouts.
I mean, where the fuck are these tens of thousands standing around getting ready to suddenly mass protest?Are they invisible? Are there like, millions of buses just driving them around? Where do they sleep or shower?Are there secret tunnels under pizza restaurants that contain pedophiles?Ahahahah xD you guys are awesome!
Haha. I wish I got paid for this shit. Is it really so hard for you to believe that people give a shit about how government affects their communities and are willing to take action?
How is weather in St. Petersburg?
Still sounds a little high...
It's a little old-school, but that's okay if you can swallow it.
They really delve deep to triple check their, uh, sources
It's no conspiracy theory, they work hard and go in deep to get things done.
If it was at all organized, it is, by definition, not organic.I was at the Women's March. That was an organized protest.The idea that tons of individuals would show up in the same location and all be protesting the same thing *by happenstance* (that is, *organically*) borders on ridiculous.The closest thing to it might be the JFK protests (which I was also at), but even that was somewhat organized.
There are many notable exceptions but the vast majority of protests are planned.
That's actually a pretty good point. Notice how fuckin' NOBODY called OWS paid protesters? To the contrary, they were always telling us to get jobs during all that. I guess we were just so crusty that that line wasn't ever going to fly.
That 'Free Weed and Sodomy tent' is a trap.  Remember people, its not 'Free Weed and/or Sodomy'.  
And he always throws 1 dollar bills so it's always a struggle. 
I think you mean Orlando.
That sounds like a good idea, but who gonna pay us for it?
So you believe millions or perhaps thousands of the people protesting are being paid individually and not one of them blowing the whistle on their backers? Using such logic that they have wealthy backers and those buses were paid for by those wealthy backers we can also assume that the Civil Rights Movement was also fake and everyone there was paid off.
Wasn't hard to find out: http://nymag.com/thecut/2017/01/how-to-get-to-the-womens-march-on-washington.htmlhttp://rallybus.net/womens-march-on-washingtonhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/15/technology/womens-march-gives-boost-to-start-up-for-bus-sharing.html?_r=0https://www.busbank.com/bus-d-c-million-women-march/And no, Soro's didn't pay for any of it.**EDIT**: My bad, checked the date on the video and that wasn't the women's march. That video isn't even of protest busses lol>A story at the pro-Trump site ZeroHedge that was picked up by the Drudge Report shows a video recording a line of buses in Chicago, suggesting that the buses were used to bring people in from Wisconsin to protest Trump.Think about that. Trump won Wisconsin. >Someone needed to bus people in from Milwaukee (population: 600,000) to protest in Chicago (population: 2.7 million)? There's no evidence offered that the line of buses has anything to do with the protests, mind you. And a quick glance at [Google Street View](https://www.google.com/maps/@41.8642407,-87.6391274,3a,75y,3.58h,82.72t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgO48KU1LNng-Y5nOGP8Pnw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656), captured in October, reveals that there's always a line of buses in that same place.>https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/14/why-donald-trump-and-his-supporters-want-you-to-think-protests-against-him-are-manufactured/
I didn't question why the rich would support protesting. I said they weren't paying protesters. And then you posted an article that had nothing to do with that.
https://www.google.com/search?q=craigslist+looking+for+protesters&client=ms-android-att-us&prmd=nvsi&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiktNetvYnSAhUPyWMKHfOJBxUQ_AUICigE&biw=598&bih=279
Huh, almost makes it seem like the less education (and therefore lower quality employment) someone has, the more likely they are to buy into republican propaganda...
Can confirm. I went to my local Woman's March and I work a 9-5 job plus freelance on the side.
Economic anxiety causes dementia.
Yeah, I never understood how taking four or five hours out of my Saturday afternoon meant that I couldn't possibly have a job, or that I couldn't have voted in an election that was held over two months prior. 
Yahoo is still around? 
The second one. Mormons don't drink... when they're with other Mormons. 
The latter. What's the difference between a Baptist and a Methodist? The Methodist will wave when he sees you in the liquor store.
Won't drink in front of the other. 
Well yeah. This was their job to organize and do these events. They tried to make it seem organic like these protests are springing up everywhere trump goes. Only to find out these professional protestors were bussing people in. 
Well you have to understand that they really hate Soros. So when they find out that these so called widespread organic Trump protests are in fact being organized and planned by the same group of Soros SuperPAC employees... it sort of intuitively feels unauthentic and easy to disregard. 
I'm on mobile and don't want to run around digging up sources for someone that is giving me a low effort demand
I was just explaining why the right doesn't see these protests as legitimate. That's their perspective. 
Did you read what I said? I said their past misdeeds gives people like him the ability to just claim the protests aren't legitimate. 
Source on a common practice used by both parties?
Of course I'm sure that can be found. I mean conservative media was reporting lots of busses showing up with young liberals being unloaded. There are tons of reporting and pictures of it.   Not necessarily the best source but they really are he only ones who reported on that. 
Thanks for going out to so many protests man, I've been studying for the Bar in February so I've only gone to one since the election, but I'm looking forward to the tax day protest and march for science. 
Proactive defense is what it's called ... slap some disinformation and obfuscate the whole thing.I'd bet dollars to donuts that ragonk is on the bus.
Also thanking you for showing up, especially since you're from TN. I can't tell you how heartening it is to see so many people with Volunteer State flair in this subreddit. 
I agree.  Fear works.  The pendulum swings back and forth every eight to 10 years.  They'll probably claim back many of the 1000 or so elected seats they've lost the last 8 years.
Said Melania
You seem to take a really narrow, literal interpretation of organic protests. Seems like in your definition, only people who randomly show up to a place protesting the same thing/issue/policy is organic.However I would define an organic protest as one that is organized by civilians with no financial stake in the protest. If a woman on Facebook makes a protest group that goes viral and has hundreds of satellite city protests, I would argue that is organic. People across the country show up at states' legislatures to protest, because it is a visible place to voice grievances towards the government.In regards to the TEA Party, the reason that movement was considered astro-turfing was because the organizational aspects were done by lobbying groups funded by donors. This is in contrast to the term grass roots where citizens hold protests and there are no lobbied interests that are promoting it.
Citation? 
Sad thing I fear is that Trump supporters who don't understand sarcasm will look at these comments and take them as fact.See? Told ya I was right.  Look at all these liberals admitting to that lie!
No, he meant Atlanta. They opened it right after the terrorist attack there. I can't believe people are falling for the [biased media/fake news](http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2017/02/08/remember-the-atlanta-massacre-yeah-that-didnt-happen-either/). It's the Bowing Green Massacre all over again.
Rats! Foiled by my own petard!
I didn't say everyone is a paid shill.Only that it is undeniable that there is at least some astroturfing going on.
Semantics. The protesters aren't paying out of pocket to get there. You claimed that they had better ways to use their money but ignore that they are using their money towards the thing you don't think makes sense.Paying for transportation is a loophole and the same as  paying for the bag but the weed is free.http://nytlive.nytimes.com/womenintheworld/2017/01/20/billionaire-george-soros-has-ties-to-more-than-50-partners-of-the-womens-march-on-washington/
And it's not even like they don't have access to the education at this point. It's gotten so bad that any education is actively avoided and mocked as liberal brainwashing/bias because it might prove their pre-conceived notions wrong. 
That Nordstrom boycott will work really well.
Not all high school graduates (or less) are stupid, but they are most all easily deceived.
Yup and the news stories they publish still attract thousands of comments.
I'm gong to bet that you heard all that from a James o'keefe video.
They tried to make it seem organic? Are there a lot of organic protests I'm unaware of? Nearly all protests are organized, even ones that happen like those at airports. Just because you didn't know that isn't their problem, Oh I caught you doing exactly what everyone else knew you were doing but me!.
In other words, evidence doesn't exist, you're just regurgitating from breitbart or the_dumpster or some other right wing trash factory
They know the protests are legitimate. They are just using disinformation in an attempt to quell dissent. 
How is arranging transport for people who want to join a protest a misdeed? You're mixing up the buses being paid for (they are) with the people on the buses being paid for (they aren't).
> Basically Dems get these organizers to get a bunch of busses and ships people into protest.This is what I read and responded to and I know you must have proof of this because who lies on the internet?  Oooh, past misdeeds!  Woah!  Dude, you seriously need to provide the proof for this!  Still waiting for your amazing proof!  Nothing on the news yet, unfortunately.  Did you get a read receipt for the evidence you submitted to support your claim?  I sure hope so.  Would be terrible if it ended up in their junk mail since that's where most of these claims of proof go.  Please, please, please let us know when you provide the proof of what you are claiming.  Cannot freakin' wait to see it!
Reading isn't people's strong suit in this sub.
Really? Send links, I've seen zero reporting on this from anywhere. And remember, it's only about 50-60 people per bus. You'd need literally hundreds of buses to do what you claim.
Thanks. Get out there when you can!We're not paid, we're paying attention. The protests here aren't always huge, but even a couple hundred voices raised in solidarity means something--last week, all the Dems at the state legislature thanked us by walking through the crowd holding their own signs.
Wouldn't be surprised. Parsing their posts again, too, either makes the case they're not native English speakers, or they're just ignorant.
Thank you, too! It's discouraging to feel like the lone sane voice in the room sometimes, but there are a ton of people here waking up. Even some of my true conservative friends are pissed, from Nashville and Memphis to Chattanooga and Knoxville. We're not a lost cause, like some people think.
The Atlanta massacre was in Houston.
Yeah, I heard that the boycott of *Hamilton* was an unprecedented success.  /s
Politics is all about optics. It just looks bad. 
Dude I voted for Bernie. I'm just intellectually honest even if it isn't a slam on republicans or makes the Dems seem like saints. When it was unfolding people were tying to clues together almost immediately. 
[deleted]
We should be putting a lot of pressure on Lamar Alexander. I know some of his staff personally, they are not unintelligent people by any stretch, and the Senator himself knows what side his bread is buttered on. I couldn't even begin to tell you what's going on with Corker, but he can't possibly be pleased to have been [snubbed for a job because of his height.](http://dailycaller.com/2016/12/22/exclusive-sen-corkers-height-business-dealings-hurt-his-secretary-of-state-chances/)But Lamar Alexander is the closest thing we have to Tennessee royalty. He's the one we need to focus on. He's receptive, sane, and politically untouchable, in large part because he enjoys crossover support from Democrats. We have open primaries, they aren't getting rid of him that easily if Democratic voters in this state decide he should stay.
You know what else looks bad, when the president calls a senator Pocahontas. Or when the national security adviser talkes to the Russians and undermines the sitting US government..... But all of that is just going to wash away, right... But these optics, for some reason, are what Republicans want to keep discussing. 
It only looks bad to the people who weren't going to vote for them or change their mind already. It mobilizes their base and that's the objective, to get them riled up and to the polls. 
It's not that hard to provide a link on mobile, and at the very least, you could give us a search term. If you were being intellectually honest, you'd acknowledge that one person working for the right's favorite boogeyman showing up to a protest does not a conspiracy make. I organize protests and none of my people get paid, nor do I. So how in the hell does that person you're talking about make me a hypocrite?
dude chill i'm on your side
I agree, and thanks for the actual LOL. I hadn't seen that article until now, and wow. Corker looks positively lilliputian. Anyway.Good points. I think both are worth taking down, though. Corker's up in 2018, and Lamar, like you said, is savvy enough to understand the general zeitgeist. I wouldn't be surprised if both of these assholes tried to align themselves with public sentiment if the tide turns against Trump. We just need to remind them WE SAW how they kowtowed, and there's no amount of fake news or alternative facts that prove otherwise. The next few weeks will be interesting, especially if these Russia leaks keep happening. 
Well exactly. It did effectively rile up republicans.  Hence the reason why they stopped organizing BLM race fueled protests. All they did was piss of the right and get more pissed at liberals. 
It's because it's hard to do effective research on mobile. Especially when this sort of search term just loads in all the trashy partisan click bait sites. The one specifically I remember seeing was a girl was talking to the news and so people reversed her name in Google and found her dox which basically showed how she's paid from a Soros Pac and works as organizing for them for protests. Then people reversed more protests and these same people were showing up as the leaders. 
I replied to the wrong comment.  Sorry about that!  Just fixed it.
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm glad to see more reporting on this. The more it becomes an actual story and less its treated like a conspiracy theory the better.
You guys smell that? Smells like impeachment.
Is it me or has Business Insider been killing it lately? 
Umberto Eco wrote an essay in 1995 called Eternal Fascism where he lists 14 properties of fascist ideology. Tell me who this reminds you of...**The Cult of Tradition**, characterized by cultural syncretism, even at the risk of internal contradiction. When all truth has already been revealed by Tradition, no new learning can occur, only further interpretation and refinement.**The Rejection of modernism**, which views the rationalistic development of Western culture since the Enlightenment as a descent into depravity. Eco distinguishes this from a rejection of superficial technological advancement, as many fascist regimes cite their industrial potency as proof of the vitality of their system.**The Cult of Action for Action's Sake**, which dictates that action is of value in itself, and should be taken without intellectual reflection. This, says Eco, is connected with anti-intellectualism and irrationalism, and often manifests in attacks on modern culture and science.**Disagreement Is Treason**  Fascism devalues intellectual discourse and critical reasoning as barriers to action, as well as out of fear that such analysis will expose the contradictions embodied in a syncretistic faith.Fear of Difference, which fascism seeks to exploit and exacerbate, often in the form of racism or an appeal against foreigners and immigrants.**Appeal to a Frustrated Middle Class**, fearing economic pressure from the demands and aspirations of lower social groups.**Obsession with a Plot** and the hyping-up of an enemy threat. This often combines an appeal to xenophobia with a fear of disloyalty and sabotage from marginalized groups living within the society (such as the German elite's 'fear' of the 1930s Jewish populace's businesses and well-doings; see also anti-Semitism). Eco also cites Pat Robertson's book The New World Order as a prominent example of a plot obsession.Fascist societies rhetorically cast their enemies as at the same time too strong and too weak. On the one hand, fascists play up the power of certain disfavored elites to encourage in their followers a sense of grievance and humiliation. On the other hand, fascist leaders point to the decadence of those elites as proof of their ultimate feebleness in the face of an overwhelming popular will.**Pacifism is Trafficking with the Enemy** because Life is Permanent Warfare  there must always be an enemy to fight. Both fascist Germany under Hitler and Italy under Mussolini worked first to organize and clean up their respective countries and then build the war machines that they later intended to and did use, despite Germany being under restrictions of the Versailles treaty to NOT build a military force. This principle leads to a fundamental contradiction within fascism: the incompatibility of ultimate triumph with perpetual war.**Contempt for the Weak**, which is uncomfortably married to a chauvinistic popular elitism, in which every member of society is superior to outsiders by virtue of belonging to the in-group. Eco sees in these attitudes the root of a deep tension in the fundamentally hierarchical structure of fascist polities, as they encourage leaders to despise their underlings, up to the ultimate Leader who holds the whole country in contempt for having allowed him to overtake it by force.**Everybody is Educated to Become a Hero**, which leads to the embrace of a cult of death. As Eco observes, [t]he Ur-Fascist hero is impatient to die. In his impatience, he more frequently sends other people to death.**Machismo**, which sublimates the difficult work of permanent war and heroism into the sexual sphere. Fascists thus hold both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits, from chastity to homosexuality.**Selective Populism**  The People, conceived monolithically, have a Common Will, distinct from and superior to the viewpoint of any individual. As no mass of people can ever be truly unanimous, the Leader holds himself out as the interpreter of the popular will (though truly he dictates it). Fascists use this concept to delegitimize democratic institutions they accuse of no longer represent[ing] the Voice of the People.**Newspeak**  Fascism employs and promotes an impoverished vocabulary in order to limit critical reasoning.#Edit: added bold fonts for reading pleasure.Edit2: i can't spell properly.Edit3: Wow, thx for the gold, kind stranger!
Flynn may be the one to take down Trump.
There's reasons why Obama got rid of Flynn!
What are the possible implications of this?
This is one of the best articles I've read on this issue. One thing I wish they elaborated on was this statement about the dossier:> some of the facts and assertions it includes have indeed been proven wrong.I am not aware of any of the dossier's assertions being definitely proved wrong (Trump being a germaphobe doesn't count!). 
Imagine if the Kenyan, Muslim, Marsian Barack Hussein Obama conspired with the Zorgs to become president of the Galactic Republic. 
Question. If a ship is sailed by rats and it started to sink. What happens? 
As Cthulhu, I think I speak for all of us when I say ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn Trump! And I look forward to the easing of American sanctions on my dark dimension and anticipate fruitful collaborations in our shared pursuit of the mass slaughter of innocents
The thick plot can't thicken anymore. 
> Fusion's cofounder, Glenn Simpson, a former investigative reporter for the Wall Street Journal, continued the project with Steele even after Democrats pulled funding when Trump won the election.So the PIs kept working on the case even after funding dried up? This is some Film Noire level shit
If enough information in the dossier is confirmed to toss Trump out of office, I will name my first-born child Dossier. 
If true, these men deserve to hang as traitors all.
Imagine tax returns and a pee tape. 
Real American of United State here.  Is nothing see here.  Russia not hack email of democrat partizans! Was much fat person in basement!  If chairman of supreme republican want make friendly Russia is good, no?
#Rex Tillerson is probably involved too.##He has access to the highest levels of the Kremlin, specifically Vladimir Putin and Igor Sechin. Plus, He has a lot to gain from the lifting of sanctions.___This [Rex Tillerson Research Document](http://riggedcabinet.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Rex-Tillerson-Research-Report.pdf) goes into depth on the direct and indirect decades long relationship between Rex Tillerson, Rosneft, Igor Sechin, Trump Campaign, and Putin. Here's some highlights:* 2011: Under Rex Tillerson, ExxonMobil reached an agreement with state-owned Russian oil company Rosneft to develop hydrocarbon resources in the Black Sea. > The Exxon-Rosneft agreement commits Exxon to spend about $1 billion looking for oil off Russias Black Sea coast, and holds the promise of sharing in the prize if it isdiscovered.* August 2011: Exxon And Rosneft entered into a wide-reaching Strategic Cooperation Agreement under which the companies would undertake joint exploration and development projects throughout the world. > Rosneft and ExxonMobil have executed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement under which the companies plan to undertake joint exploration and development of hydrocarbon resources in Russia, the United States and other countries throughout the world, and commence technology and expertise sharing activities. * In 2011, Tillerson struck a deal with Rosneft chairman, Igor Sechin, as a giant leap forward more ambitious than man's first walk in space or sending a man to the moon.> Tillerson's biggest deal in Russia was announced in 2011 with Rosneft. The companies were focused on drilling for oil in three key Russian regions: the Arctic, the deepwaters of the Black Sea, and Siberia.> Before it was blocked by sanctions, **Vladimir Putin called the Rosneft deal one of the most important involving Russia and the U.S.,** forecasting it could generate $500 billion.* Rex Tillerson and Vladimir Putin met in Sochi to announce a $3.2 Billion investment by ExxonMobil and Rosneft to drill in the Arctic Kara Sea. This deal also opened up potential drilling in Texas for both parties.> Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin on expansion Of ExxonMobil-Rosneft strategic cooperation agreement: The agreements signed today bring the already unprecedented scale of the Rosneft and ExxonMobil partnership up to a completely new level.* 2014: Exxon signed an agreement with Igor Sechin, Head Of Russian State Oil Company Rosneft, weeks **After** the U.S. imposed individual sanctions on Sechin.Tillerson routinely met with Putin and Sechin, the head of Russias state-owned oil company Rosneft, even after Sechin was hit with U.S. government sanctions. Along with Putin and Sechin, Tillerson orchestrated multiple billion dollar deals to collaborate with the state-owned company on drilling operations in Russia and the United States. Joint operations in Russia have benefited the Russian Government to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. In one instance, a $1 billion investment by Exxon in Rosneft oil holdings in the Black Sea boosted Rosneft's valuation by $7 billion. ___Here's a series of events involving Vladimir Putin, Igor Sechin, Qatar, Carter Page, Rex Tillerson, and a dormant FBI twitter account prior to a Rosneft sale.1. [May 22, 2001](http://i.imgur.com/Evm7OoM.jpg) - Rex Tillerson listed as the director of an offshore company, ExxonMobil Neftegas.1. [June 17, 2016](https://rosneft.com/press/news/item/182599/) - Rex Tillerson attends the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Also in attendance is Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin and Vladimir Putin. ***Note:*** [Rex Tillerson and Igor Sechin have a very long lucrative relationship.](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/5nt9bo/top_executive_at_rosneft_a_russian_firm_mentioned/dcefobb/)3. [June 19, 2016](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-19/putin-said-to-weigh-11-billion-rosneft-sale-to-china-and-india) - Putin considers selling off a 19% stake of Rosneft2. [July 2016](https://www.yahoo.com/news/u-s-intel-officials-probe-ties-between-trump-adviser-and-kremlin-175046002.html) - Carter Page meets with Igor Sechin to discuss lifting sanctions.4. [September 1, 2016](https://rosneft.com/press/releases/item/183463/) - Rosneft and Exxon Neftegas signed a deal to develop Zvezda shipyard.4. October 29, 2016 - FBI Direction releases letter on Clinton5. [November 1, 2016](https://twitter.com/FBIRecordsVault/status/793482749025792000) - Long dormant FBI twitter account suddenly tweets 129 pages regarding Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich, Founder of Glencore.5. [November 7, 2016](https://rosneft.com/press/releases/item/185049/) - Russia signs decree to sell 19.5 percent of Rosneft stake.5. November 8, 2016 - Election Day6. [December 6, 2016](http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/06/news/tillerson-trump-secretary-state-exxonmobil/) - Trump interviews ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state.7. [December 7, 2016](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-07/glencore-qatar-fund-buy-russia-s-rosneft-stake-for-11-billion) - Glencore and Qatars sovereign wealth fund purchases 19% stake in Rosneft. This deal was worth $11 billion.8. [December 13, 2016](http://www.businessinsider.com/qatar-to-invest-10-billion-in-us-infrastructure-2016-12) - Qatar announces a $10 billion investment in US infrastructure.8. [December 26, 2016](https://themoscowtimes.com/news/top-rosneft-exec-found-dead-in-moscow-56649) - Igor Sechin's chief of staff and former head of Department for Protection of State Secretsat the Kremlin found dead in Moscow. He was potentially Christopher Steele's source on the alleged Carter Page/Igor Sechin conversation. [He was potentially Christopher Steele's source on the alleged Carter Page/Igor Sechin conversation.](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/5osol1/z/dcmefxw)           ____From the [dossier](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984-Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.html):1. Speaking in July 2016, a Russian source close to ROSNEFT President, PUTIN close associate and US-sanctioned individual, Igor SECHIN, confided the details of a recent secret meeting between him and visiting Foreign Affairs Advisor to Republican presidential candidate Donald TRUMP, Carter PAGE.2. According to SECHIN's associate, the ROSNEFT President (CEO) had raised with PAGE the issues of future bilateral energy cooperation and prospects for an associated move to lift Ukraine-related western sanctions against Russia. PAGE had reacted positively to this demarche by SECHIN but had been generally non-committal in response.3. In terms of the substance of their discussion, SECHIN's associate said that the ROSNEFTPresident was so keen to lift personal and corporate western sanctions imposed on thecompany, that **he offered PAGE/TRUMP associates the brokerage of up to a 19 per cent(privatised) stake in ROSNEFT in return.** PAGE had expressed interest and confirmed that were TRUMP elected US president, then sanctions on Russia would be lifted.     
...man, and it's only been three weeks. It had felt like it's been more then a year. 
Traitor Trump
Im sure /r/conspiracy will be going nuts over this..Oh wait, it's day #93 of pizzagate expos? Nevermind.
Also, with Putin's recruitment of guys like Steven Seagall and Mickey Rourke for publicity stunts. What a return!
And the pee pee parties? 
I'll keep hoping for the best and expecting the worst.
This may be a dumb question. But what in the dossier has been *proven* wrong?
If the Benghazi investigations had even a fraction of the believability these allegations have, the right would have locked her up like they always wanted. 
Just want to say both the article and the comments were great reads.  Thanks OP!  Thanks reddit!
Disclaimer: For pure, selfish entertainment value, I'd love for this real life John Le Carre novel to be true. Also, I think there is some seriously dubious going-ons between Russian officials and Trump's team. In short, I think there is enough to be concerned about to warrant some form of investigation. But to play Devil's advocate here, the dossier's information relating to the Rosneft sale is marked as coming mid October. Reuters reported on the sale in the first week of November. McCain didn't pass along the dossier until December. Did anyone have a copy of the dossier *before* the Rosneft sale was made public by Reuters? My point is that a lot of the information contained within the dossier - right up to when McCain gained a copy - is after the fact and public knowledge. The Rosneft sale is the only prediction - and even that could be fobbed off as being in the works for months, with the information leaking to Steele's contacts. 
Business Insider?  Oh boy.  Shit is getting real.  
Trumps too rich to be showered in silver 
did he get peed on or did he pee on the hookers in his vidz? 
The article says some parts of the dossier have been proven wrong. What has been proven wrong so far?
And all Obama had to do was be black and salute with a coffee in his hand.The double standards are incredible.I never want to hear about affirmative action being bad, ever again. 
This is Treason. 
Major powers have always had influence on U.S. elections. This is nothing new. Plus, Trump has every right to want to form an alliance with Putin. Putin is easily the most charismatic, strong-willed, and I dare say skilled politician our world currently has. You'd be a fool to *not* want Putin as your ally. However, I'm not upset either way; history is written by the victors. If Clinton won, people would be calling out her ties to Saudi Arabia and their influence on the election. With Trump winning, people are calling out his ties to Russia and their influence on the election. Same shit, different political party. It'd happen no matter who won, because both sides were supported and swayed by foreign interests. Every U.S. President tends to be.
What may seen like a quid pro quo can sometimes just be two sides sharing similar views. Example: I run a private toll road business. Two candidates are running for Governor of a state, one is publicly for private toll roads, the other dead set against it. I throw as much campaign money as I can at the candidate in favor of tolls. He wins. He gets in office and takes bids for toll roads, I win the bid and start building. Was there a corrupt quid pro quo? Or did I just support someone who was in my company's interest, got a little lucky when they won office, and then got lucky further when they didn't flip flop which they could have and there would have been nothing I could do, and then luckier still to submit the winning bid, or maybe that was expected due to my business being better positioned from the beginning. All of this could reek of corruption, or it could all be perfectly legitimate.  Same with Flynn same with Manafort. Perhaps they are sympathetic to Russia and see Putin as a strong leader who looks out for his interests and is being encircled by the West for geo strategic reasons and being the target of propaganda in Western Media. I know that's how I see Russia and Putin, and no one's paying me. (Or are they?....:/)
Would rather have ties with Russia than give money to Iran. 
Fake news. 
Are we still role playing that Trump is a Russian agent?  
This is really blowing up.  Let's see what the RNC pushback is on the talking heads sunday shows, but it sounds like this is getting hotter by the day.  
Donald Trump praises Putin and openly asked Russia to hack Hillary's e-mails.  It's a no brainer Trump was working jointly with Russia to win the election.  Trump is a Russian agent and is working on Putin's behalf.  We thought we beat Russia in the Cold War, only to have Russia turn around and install a Russian puppet as the president of the US.
Here's the thing: We, the left, liberals, and progressives, need to leverage this into something useful.    If the election proved one thing it's that the facts and nuance don't matter to Republican voters.  Donald Trump was an unqualified, unacceptable choice well before the first drips of Russian influence leaked.  How can we expect more facts to make a difference when they didn't make a difference before?    The Clinton email server was a pretty benign story, all things considered, but thanks to Fox news, talk radio, alt-reich websites, and Donnie Moscow pounding into people's skulls for years on end, incessantly, to the point that the facts mattered less than the fictions, it very well may have cost her the election.    The details don't matter (I mean they matter, but for the sake of getting Republican voters to flip details might as well be facts, they're not important) what matters is the story.  Donald Trump is Putin's puppet; a wussy weakling who can't stand up without his strings.    They had Crooked Hillary, we have Donnie Moscow.
Same. This whole scandal has a lot of moving parts, and I particularly like this article for clarifying the timeline. I just started curating relevant news articles in /r/TrumpTreason and it has been a beast.  
It's treated like a conspiracy theory because there is no evidence to support the narrative.  Trump's people talked to a Russian =\= Trump is conspiring with Russia to destroy America because of golden showers.  It's insane.
I feel like this is leading to a smoking gun and then McConnell and Ryan saying So what? We won. 
No it doesn't.  The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.  
And pee pee.
I wish, but the Republicans have their fingers in their ears screaming it's fake news, it's fake news. 
Movin to the country, going to smell me some impeachment
Smells more like a delicious nothing burger to me.Guess its about time for the Dems to chase a ghost for 4 years. BENGHAZI!
They've been killing it lately.
seriously they have, i'm about ready to whitelist instead of inspecting element to remove the ad-blocker-blocker
Yup. I started collecting articles on Trump's connections to Russia in /r/TrumpTreason, and so much of the quality articles have been from Business Insider.
Where does Business Insider fit on that News Sources chart: [Chart](http://i.imgur.com/kCCmUeR.jpg)
**Bingo !**https://s02.justpaste.it/files/justpaste/d380/a14155659/459f4eecb57746391def63dd264d707c.png
I am so glad Eco is finally supplanting that awful list from Dr. Laurence [sic] Britt. 
As an overseas observer, I think these all pretty much predate Trump.
it would be the first thing he took down that actually helped the country
nah, it's gonna be anthony weiner again. that guy always comes out of nowhere to fuck shit up
Says the increasingly nervous man for the 1000th time in the past year.Nothing burger.
Multitude of different things. If he is implicated in this, could be grounds for treason charges/ impeachment.
The thing that was proven wrong was Cohen wasn't in Prague in the date the dossier gave..It was a different Michael Cohen that went there, not related. However, it's possible he still met there or somewhere in eastern Europe and the date was just wrong.
>Imagine if the Kenyan, Muslim, Marsian Barack Hussein Obama conspired with the Zorgs to become president of the Galactic Republic. Zorgs would be better leaders than what we have now. 
A study is written which proves rats can't sail ships.
ADD MORE WHITE FLOUR! -President Bannon
Not only that but the GOP MAY have rigged the election... https://www.google.ca/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/11/05/trump-rnc-voter-fraud/%3Fsource%3Ddam?client=safari
Well, getting Trump impeached would look quite good on a CV.
*Time to catch this perp OFF THE BOOKS.*
Name your kid Christopher, to honor the man who faced down V. Putin and that orange urine-gargler, whom some call their president.
Da, friend capitalist. 
lol 
Haha
The Dossier had been floating around since Summer, Mother Jones talked about it in September 
The rosneft deal was well known for years. It's not even a sale, it was a paper transaction to hide the fact that the  Russian central bank was printing money for the Russian government.http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/12/the-story-that-russia-does-not-want-you-to-see-the-rosneft-share-sale-as-a-sham-transaction.htmlOf course the timeline matches up. When James Bond was writing this nonsense, he used a few real facts and then invented stories around them to make it believable.The latest report that some phone calls were confirmed on the date and time shown in the report doesn't mention the fact that one call was someone telling another about the Michael Cohen meeting in Prague, which was debunked on day one.  A different Michael Cohen flew to Prague that day.The other call was a Russian associate of trump calling James Bond to tell him that Russians were giving wiki leaks emails to discredit Hillary with Bernie supporters.  All this shows is that James Bond was dumb enough to actually pay someone for this Intel instead of making this part up himself!But don't tell this to the Hillary supporters. They are convinced this whole story is true and she is going to get **HER TURN** any day now and trump will be hanged for treason.Quite a few of them will probably stroke out when they realize this whole story was just some hillbots wet dream!
You think our country's so innocent?When compared to Putin?
Or sell weapons to Iran. 
June 16, 2016>The case, filed Tuesday at the United Nations main court, follows a U.S. Supreme Court decision in April that gave victims of terrorist attacks allegedly linked to Iran the right to collect some $2 billion in Iranian assets that are frozen in the U.S.The Money that was [given](https://www.wsj.com/articles/iran-sues-u-s-in-international-court-over-frozen-assets-1466027629) to Iran was their money that was frozen in US banks.  I guess Obama could have chose not to release the money, but to what end because it was their money.The allegations surrounding Trump and Russia are far beyond having ties with another country.  Russia clearly allowed for the release of information that affected our election.  There is also the continuing allegations that Russia has some information or monetary control over Trump that will jeopardize his ability to make decisions in the best interest of America. I guess my point is; these two situations are different and both are very complicated.  It's just not as simple as one or the other.
I was over at Breitbart and they made the same charge, in the meantime Breitbart's top story is from.......Business Insider. Except, theyre focusing on Kmart/Sears dropping Trump products. Fucking traitors.
No, we're suggesting that Russian intelligence agreed to release hacked information in return for a favourable attitude from a Trump administration. Considering this isn't completely different from events that happened under Reagan and Nixon, it's hardly impossible. 
Nah, agent would imply he is smart enough to tie his own shoes.  Puppet is much more accurate.  Useful idiot is the dramatic version, and watersports afficionado is the craigslist personals category.
At least you agree that Trump is acting *as if* he is a Russian agent. 
Who would hire an agent with Alzheimer's?  The move is to hire people who slide papers in front of him to sign.
4 hours old account with negative karma? Guess your old account got banned, huh. 
>  The altered Ukraine policy amendment, with the softer language, ultimately was included in the new GOP platform. A few days later,  WikiLeaks began publishing the emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign. The timing coincided with the start of the Democratic National Convention the following week.> > A month after the Republican convention, on August 14, The New York Times reported new details about Trump campaign manager Manafort's involvement with Ukraine. The paper reported that Ukraine leader Yanukovych's pro-Russia political party had earmarked $12.7 million for Manafort for his work between 2007-2012. Manafort has said he never collected the payments. > > The New York Times story thrust the Trump campaign's connections with Russia into the international spotlight. Five days later, on August 19, for reasons that are still unclear, Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign manager. > > The dossier further alleges that Russia's president, Vladimir Putin, became concerned when Yanukovych informed him on August 16  two days after the Times report was published  of kickback payments being funneled to Manafort. This was three days before Manafort resigned from the Trump campaign. You have to be crazy not to think that's suspicious as all hell. Putin has propped up friendly candidates in other countries, why not the US? Putin might even defend his actions by pointing out that the US does it themselves in numerous other countries.
I don't know, are we still role playing that Hillary is a pedophile in the basement of a pizza place?
The hotter it gets the more likely there will be a few GOP senators willing to break ranks and investigate formally.  No breaks on the impeachment train!
Hopefully MTP covers this. I was surprised they didn't mention anything about Bowling Green to Pence last week.
You have to be patient. The intelligence world can't just come out and provide details for a number of reasons: 1) if they do so, they could accidentally reveal informants. 2) it could also reveal how they gather information, making future information gathering more difficult. Patience. The truth will out one way or the other.
We also know that Trump doesn't really care about the law. In his mind, it's If I want to do it, I will.
Regressives*
If an American citizen makes a deal to with a foreign rival power to undermine an American politician, that probably borders on treason.If Trump actually promised to remove or reduce sanctions in exchange for undermining Hillary's candidacy through hacking, I have no doubt that will get him impeached.  
> McConnell and Ryan saying So what? We won.Man, can you imagine the rage wave that would start on the East Coast and keep going until it hit Hawaii... Loud enough to break windows.
If he broke the law before assuming office, can he just be outright arrested by the FBI?
There are limitations to what people will put up with. Regardless of how spineless they seem there gets to be a tipping point where ditching him is the better play. 
Trump is likely going to be an albatross around the GOP by 2018, but impeachment will hobble their agenda, perhaps long-term if Pence is seen as an illegitimate president. I could see impeachment coming when the GOP feels there's no more benefit (in terms of lawmaking) to wring out of the Trump administration. They might even try to play it to their benefit in 2018, to kneecap any Democratic arguments they're Trump sycophants. 
But the Democrats might. /r/BlueMidterm2018, anyone?
Compelling argument
That will be the drippy yellow frosting on the cake. 
Thanks for posting this story OPit's one of the most concise yet usefully-detailed summaries I've seen of the Steele Dossier and the allegations that have been at least partially corroborated. It's going into my master list of references.  
The highest honor that can be bestowed on a news organization. 
if only WSJ would open up...
I'd put them in between The Guardian and the WSJ at about the Analytical height. And I wouldn't put the Economist as far right as they have it. While we're tinkering, the WaPo needs to be higher on the journalistic quality axis too. They've been probably the best of the big traditional newspapers at covering Trump. David Farenthold did some great investigative work during the campaign, and the Post's reporting after the election has been excellent too. Another great source has been Mother Jonesand they recently just won the National Magazine Award. Should be added just below the region where The Atlantic is. 
Yep, that's a Bingo. You win nothing, but knowledge, sadly.
Do they outdate him?
This guy is an idiot. He is not respected by those in the military. Loose cannon would be the best description.
Insert snarky cumshot joke here.
I think the strongest evidence that the Clinton's don't actually have people killed is the fact that Weiner is still alive and kicking.
Okay thank you. It's crazy to see we're here in what? Less than 30 days?
POTUS can only be charged by Congress.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.   The Republicans won't impeach Trump.  
What would be treasonous allegation? The best bet looks like bribery, if the Rosneft allegations are true and it's connected to Trump himself.If Russia does have compromising material on Trump, and it can be proven Trump divulged classified information to Russia in response to blackmail... it can be tricky. If he did it before inauguration he could be charged under the Espionage Act. But if it's while he's president has the power to make any classified information public, and it's not obvious that that precludes only sharing it with another foreign leader.What *isn't* treason is if Russia groomed Trump as an asset and convinced him to reverse sanctions through non-monetary means. I'm not even sure there's any charge to be made if Trump reverses sanctions explicitly because Russia has blackmail material. If it were a domestic situation the blackmailer would be charged with a crime. Does public official making policy because they were blackmailed constitute illegal activity by that public official?
there is proof that he was in italy on a family vacation and you don't receive a passport stamp traveling from italy to prague.
Except Cohen may have a Israel passport AND he was in Italy with his daughter around that Time which is pretty fucking close to Prague. He also said he was in LA from the 23rd onwards but his twitter says heWas in they NJ airport on the 24th.
Thanks, you are a knowledgeable dossiologist. 
It's an important note that this probably wrong thing does not appear to be a case of lying or intentionally bad information. It's just a mistake made by the individuals involved in putting together the information (they seem to have got the wrong guy).
Kneel before Zorg!
https://www.amazon.com/Little-Sets-Sail-Monika-Bang-Campbell/dp/0152047697
Squirrels can water ski though.
Lol 
I think they're all waiting to see who jumps first. After that, the rats will scramble to flee the ship.
Very few of these Senators and Reps actually respect or like President Trump. Can you imagine feeling warmly towards him after years of really mean-spirited personal attacks? But right now they are like kids in a candy store, or to mix a better metaphor - a bull in a china shop. After years of having a majority in congress, and being unable to accomplish anything outside of obstructionism they now feel like they have an Administration that will rubber stamp their wildest fantasies.  The inevitable scandals from such a morally corrupt administration are already reflecting badly on them when their record demonstrates nothing besides lip service in opposition. (See a town hall near you). Part of this is directly on them with the ACA repeal. Trump being Trump they view as completely out of their control. How do you control a guy who improvises Tweets?  Actually supporting measures and investigations that could conceivably take down a President in your own party would be historically serious business. Just voting against a clearly unqualified appointment is serious business, and one needs to be uniquely situated for it not to be a career ender. At this point acknowledging Russian interference in the election is accepted, but implying that it somehow benefited Trump is still considered disloyal. If one of them comes around saying that there was actual collusion between  the Trump campaign and Russia, that is an accusation of treason, and  will make or break your little Republican career in an instant. It's bad enough that they allowed themselves to be forced to agree to a bipartisan committee to investigate these allegations.Trump is great at fighting off the trickle of bad news. No one has ever weighed the preponderance of evidence against him for either breaking rules, actual laws, or just to judge his moral character. The intelligence agencies could very well have indictable information against him that is viewed as just not enough. That's the dream anyway. You're going to only get one shot, you better not miss.
House needs to vote first, and there are simply too many GOP safe districts where Trump is and will remain popular.  
I'm wondering about the CIA hitting people *under* Flynn and how that might lead to Flynn. Flynn would be easier to throw under the bus than Trump and Flynn might snitch.
>no brakesFTFY sorry I was triggered 
My fear is they'll throw Flynn under the bus and then everything's okay, problem solved, move along folks 
> impeachment train!Execution train, you mean.Colluding with a hostile foreign power for personal gain at the expense of The U.S. constitutes Treason, and is punishable by death.
I'm pretty sure they know already.  Its a fire sale on the shittiest legislation in decades.  GOP is trying to cram in as much as possible while they can.  They know when it finally hits the fan they are all screwed for the next cycle.  No sense in helping make that happen faster.  Also, if they find something they have to act on it or risk going down with the ship.
I'm actually worried That a large part of the country actually doesn't give a shit about this actually 
That's a very good question. Theoretically yes, though I'm not sure how that would work legally as the FBI answers to the Justice Department, which is under the control of Jeff Sessions, Trumps Attorney General. Impeachment is the only way that gets around the power of the office regardless of when the crime was committed. 
They'll ditch him if they think their own chances of reelection are in danger.   Then, they'll act as if they've *always* been against him.
Even Nixon didn't get a majority of Republicans supporting impeachment.  The only option that leads to impeachment is to bust ass to make sure Dems capture congress and can start investigating and turning up impeachable and irrefutable evidence that trump is acting against the interest of the US for his own personal financial gain.  
The American people are slow to wrath, but when their wrath is once kindled it burns like a consuming flame.-Teddy Roosevelt, 1901 
To be fair, POTUS is always a burden on midterms (2002 being the exception to the rule).  Impeachment will only happen when Democrats get a majority or there is irrefutable evidence of Trump conspiring and committing treason.  2018 is far too soon to hope for any change of heart by the GOP.  Especially since Trump is likely to still have a significant majority of GOP support.  The GOP will likely shed some seats in the House, but not 30+ . 
Turmp is seen as an illegitimate president and the GOP agenda is doing fine.
I hate that this is the top link:>Rahm Emanuel:Too many Dems care more about being right than winningA sub trying to win majorities in a short period of time and there is still discussion of infighting.
[Natasha Bertrand](http://www.businessinsider.com/author/natasha-bertrand) has wrote some great articles about the Trump Administration.  I am grateful that there are reporters doing this for us.  
I have bestowed that honor to CNN but good God their website is horrible.
Why is Fox News so much higher on the list than CNN, that's the part that has always confused me in the chart.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. Perhaps a loose cannon can be right once. :)
They will probably just try to isolate and ignore him.  With his ability to fuck things up if they try to kill him it would probably end up waking up Cthulu or something.I also he feels like a real piece of shit, since his urge to send dick pics might cause the end of Western Civilization.
Coming up on week 4!!  I wonder what wacky hijinx the shit gibbons will come up with next!sigh
They might if they can pull Pence from the  dumpster fire.
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice 
If things get so bad that it threatens their house majority they might. And if they don't and lose the majority for it, the Dems will.
How would that not be treason?If Trump colluded with a hostile government to win the Presidency and then used his Presidential authority to improve the position of that hostile power at the expense of the United States... Well that sounds like textbook constitutional treason to me.Edit: And I think the answer to your question is undeniably yes. Helping a foreign government because it has blackmailed you is placing your personal well-being over the well-being of the country, which is something you swore an oath to not do. It's a classic conflict of interest.The solution is to resign, not betray your country.
Good game theory analysis - but if your lattermost scenario is true and comes to light, isn't it academic at that point? The same Republican-controlled entities that would pursue the Espionage Act are the same entities that would proceed with impeachment. Am I off-base in that regard?
It's entirely possible he heard from a source that Cohen was in Prague, and then later did some research and saw that a Michael Cohen visited Prague and assumed that was him and wrote down the date.
>Kneel before Zorg!Let's not be too hasty. Get rid of our demagogues, do something about healthcare, etc. Then we'll talk about kneeling, giving up firstborn et. al. 
There is so much palpable fear in the GOP ranks over speaking out against Donald Trump. That's all it really comes down to. I'll bet there is plenty of frustration and concern but nobody wants to stick their neck out without the confidence that a few of their colleagues will have their back, so it's a stalemate situation right now. But the cracks are forming.
**The American Pet:** https://s02.justpaste.it/files/justpaste/d380/a14155659/9680b93d56bdbe141a7a89673fff9d00.jpg
They need cover. The base loves Trump still. Once the spell breaks they will bury him.
I also don't want Trump convicted for treason until a Democrat is POTUS so that The GOP can't commute his sentence or issue a pardon.
> GOP safe districts where Trump is and will remain popular.Sad, but true. There could be 4K close-up video of Trump giving a rim job to Putin and they still wouldn't care.
The same was true for Nixon. Even more so... since Nixon was impeached just a year after winning in a landslide.There's a lot of Republicans who want to give Trump a chance still.
Those two!
I assume he would need to be removed from office first.
Ding.  There will be a race amongst them digging up clips from the primaries.
Too bad the stink doesn't wash off. Public's a simple beast. The President IS the party.Always has been. If the President is unpopular, the party suffers. Impeach him? You've just proven to your own base that the liberal lies are true. It really is that bad, it's been that bad, and you've refused to act. Which means you're almost as bad as the guy just removed from office. Just a hair better, because you put up with all the things that led him towards his end except for whatever straw broke the camel's back.
We've always been at war with Eurasia!
if it looks like trump might get impeached, then trump might just have a fatal accident....pence is waiting in the wings.
They'll insist that Trump was actually nominated, endorsed, and elected by Democrats. Any evidence proving otherwise is fake news. 
Their current approval rate is around ~~17%~~ 16%. Sure, it could conceivablygo down, but we will be wandering around in margin of error territory soon
> Impeachment will only happen when... there is irrefutable evidence of Trump conspiring and committing treason.I figured this is the scenario we were talking about, except I think treason is highly unlikely. There might be bribery, which is impeachable, or secret agreement with Putin to do things in Russia's interests. I'm not even sure that's a crime if it's a result of Putin having blackmail information on Trump.What might go down is information being revealed that Trump did shady shit with Russia that either isn't technically illegal or the case is not airtight, but it inspires a giant backlash, even among Republicans. With enough pressure they might impeach him for something else, like violating annulments clause.
Yeah, that's pretty dumb. Aybe they are judging CNN not by its online articles and good reporting, by by when they go into vapid 24-hour breaking news shiny object mode.   
I think it was trying to be deliberately symmetrical, at the cost of accuracy. 
Pence would be tainted by Trump, making reelection impossible.  The GOP legislators have nothing to gain from impeachment.  
> If Trump colluded with a hostile government to win the Presidency and then used his Presidential authority to improve the position of that hostile power at the expense of the United States...How do you distinguish your version of treason from a foreign power trying to help a candidate win because it would be in that foreign power's best interest? A candidate telling representatives of a foreign power what they plan to do in office isn't treason. A foreign leader privately talking with and convincing a candidate or president to undertake actions in the interests of the foreign country isn't treason. A president not pursuing the most aggressive possible course of action against a hostile foreign government doesn't count as giving aid and comfort to the enemy (treason) for any past presidents. Maybe Trump wanted to lift sanctions on Russia independently of anything Russia did to help him. You'd need hard evidence of overt bribery or blackmail to get past the obvious legal defenses here.> Helping a foreign government because it has blackmailed you is placing your personal well-being over the well-being of the country, which is something you swore an oath to not do.There's nothing in the oath of office about placing the well-being of the country over personal well-being. I'm not even sure that would constitute bribery.I was basing the prior comments on illegality of presidential actions on what I thought would justify impeachment, though looking it up now it turns out [high crimes and misdemeanors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_crimes_and_misdemeanors) is hazily defined. Based on its historical usage I agree it can easily be interpreted to encompass something like submitting to blackmail. It all hinges on whether congress is motivated.
Yep. That this bit of info appears to be wrong does not damn the dossier as a whole by any means. It would be another matter if they found something blatantly misrepresented or untrue, but this isn't that. 
It's so weird that they seem to fear him. He's like the most pathetic mob boss ever. I've known kittens that were more intimidating. Keeping that in mind, I wonder just how many Republicans got up to kompromatacular monkey business on field trips to Russia. 
Awwww! That's so cute!
I've thought about this a bit. I'm pretty sure Gerald Ford was rendered completely unelectable after pardoning Nixon. This might be the way to take care of 2 birds with one stone. It lacks satisfaction but Trump is pretty much destined to spend the rest of his life fighting lawsuits as it is.>In a televised broadcast to the nation, Ford explained that he felt the pardon was in the best interests of the country, and that the Nixon family's situation was a tragedy in which we all have played a part. It could go on and on and on, or someone must write the end to it. I have concluded that only I can do that, and if I can, I must.Historians are pretty much in agreement this is the major reason why Ford lost in 1976.Also from Wikipedia -a quote from the good 'ol NY Times:>The New York Times stated that the Nixon pardon was a profoundly unwise, divisive, and unjust act that in a stroke had destroyed the new president's credibility as a man of judgment, candor, and competence. 
That 4K video is a total fake. Putin likes me to toss his salad tossed with jam, not peanut butter. FAKE NEWS! THE COUNTRY IS AT RISK FROM ROSIE O'DONNELL!!! 
> since Nixon was impeached just a year after winning in a landslide.Well, to be pedantic...Nixon wasn't impeached.
That was also a much less partisan culture back then.  Today, both sides are extremely stubborn; it will take a minor miracle to really break into Trump's support base.  I would know; I live in rural Trump territory.  These people do not care one iota about these controversies.  They see it as a bunch of whiny liberals still pouting about losing the election.
Tu many tpyos
Jason Chaffetz would release a weepy video of himself finally looking into his Daughters eyes.
Yeah people on here act like it would be a good thing for Republicans if they impeach Trump. They might try to spin it that way but that's just damage control. A Republican president being impeached is a bad thing for Republicans, regardless of whether it is a Republican congress that impeaches him. 
An angry old fat guy has a heart attack. It's been known to happen. 
I would love that.  But I see no way that the GOP would do that over emoluments.  It would take some real damage to the US before they act.Maybe some failed military operations, plus other significant failures.  But our sole target should be to get the Dems in the leadership to start investigating. 
Espionage is also on the table if one of them shared high level intel.
Pretty easy actually.  Impeach Trump, make Pence president, the GOP push in a new Vice President they want who could possibly run in 4 years time.
It's more primary election concerns than compromising material I'd imagine that has them concerned
Also, Russia supposedly also hacked RNC emails, but didn't release them. Probably some of them fear whatever the Russians have on them is released if they oppose Trump.
That and the fact that it's well known that people who displease Russia enough commit suicide in wildly impractical ways.
That's a very good question. Comey ever been to Russia? Giuliani?
I used to have a boss that had similar personality traits to Trump and most people in the office cowered in fear of him. One day this boss starts yelling at me like he does to everybody else and I just looked at him like wtf? Is this some kind of cartoon mob boss? Should I laugh?
Unfortunately most kittens don't control thousands of armed nuclear warheads. Though we might wish they did.
I wonder if, since becoming Prez, he's in on some seriously dirty GOP secrets and they're worried about his complete lack of scruples about saying things on social media if they turn against him. 
Pence is still Trump's chosen VP though. Pence would likely already be unelectable (and seen as illegitimate) because of his association with the impeached POTUS and the failed administration. Under that assumption, pardoning Trump is a free action because Pence would lose in 2020 regardless (if not primaried out by Paul Ryan set up as a Republican Messiah).
Whats the difference between jelly and jam?Father cant jelly his cock down my throat
Right, he resigned because he knew he was going to be impeached. I'm worried Trump will do the opposite and refuse to step down after being impeached.
It was less partisan, but Nixon was a thousand times more competent than Trump. The party actually sincerely got along with him--they didn't just think they were hostage to his insane voter base.
God damn. That was horribl...y savage. 
Exactly. Impeaching Trump would be a terrible, humiliating thing for the GOP to endure. They only ways it's going to happen is if the consequences of not impeaching him are worse, and they must be very very very bad for that to be the case.My money is on it not happening. But I will rejoice if it does.
> I would love that. But I see no way that the GOP would do that over emoluments.They'd do it over anything they could implicate Trump with if their base demands it.> But our sole target should be to get the Dems in the leadership to start investigating.I'm not sure how it works; why would we need congress investigating? Presumably intelligence agencies are already investigating, and that investigation probably depends on resources congress doesn't have direct access to.
No way.  It splits the base, taints Pence, and they get slammed for the next 4 years.  It wont happen.
thank you. let's NOT turn kompromat into being a secret muslim
I will say that Carter Page, one of the key players in this was recommended by Jeff Sessions.  Take that how you will. 
Giuliani here. Of course I've been to Russia.  That where Trump and I were talking to Putin about trade sanctions.No wait!  Goddammit I did again.  Stupid Giuliani stupid stupid 9/11.
The only way it happens is if there is a clear smoking gun. That said, I absolutely think Trump is shady and stupid enough to leave a smoking gun. It's only like 3 weeks into his presidency and look at what has happened. I'm not sure how he's gonna make it four years. They could definitely turn on him even if they don't impeach though.
Ha!  It's funny that you bring up money because the Koch brothers are heavily invested in Republicans and they don't like Trump.
>  if their base demands it.That is *never* happening. >I'm not sure how it works; why would we need congress investigating? Presumably intelligence agencies are already investigating, and that investigation probably depends on resources congress doesn't have direct access to.Because the administration is not going to investigate itself.  While there is a degree of independence by the DOJ, it still is something that is hard to do against the POTUS.
The majority of Trump voters want Trump to be able to over rule the court systems and fire Judges / Justices. The republican base doesn't care about the constitution at all, they actually want an autocracy. 
I don't think it'll come to impeachment. Trump will resign before that happens. Some BS excuse will be made up for why that will happen. 
So here's a question. What if there is a smoking gun of treason and congress refuses to convict / impeach? Is there a process for that? Military coup? Alphabet soup coup? God forbid, 2A?
> The only way it happens is if there is a clear smoking gun. The gun can be smoking, in his hand, with a giant gold Trump stamp on its side. It won't do anything. It will happen if Republican *voters* break rank and demand their representatives do something. Not all of them, that's never going to happen anyways, but impeachmentwise the ball's in the court of the ~60% of Republicans who *didn't* vote for Trump in the primary.Otherwise maybe independent and 3rd party left voters can turn out in force and vote him out of office in 2020. But no meaningful amount of GOP legislators is going to break rank for anything done by independent or liberal voters. And count me skeptical the latter are going to show up in sufficient force for the midterm for 2018 to change the balance of power either without GOP voters turning.
Just imagine him resigning thinking it'll all go away, and being immediately arrested.  
That's probably true, unless he's so self absorbed that he really thinks he can get away with it. Same result either way though. 
What part of his personality makes you think he'd resign? I personally think he's just trying his hardest to get kicked out so he can avoid the embarrassment of resigning.
I don't think it would ever come to that. If there ever is a smoking gun I think the public unrest would be enough to force congress to act. If they don't then the public unrest would only get worse and worse until they do. I have to believe that they would act long before any type of military coup would be necessary. They can Gerrymander and and suppress vote all they want but they can't completely remove public opinion from the process. 
Like I said, I think public unrest would be enough to force congress to impeach. 
But he signed all those papers in all those blank manila folders that he piled up on that table!  
> A day after Nordstrom abandoned the brand, luxury retailer Neiman Marcus removed Ivanka Trumps high-end jewelry line from their website. And on Wednesday, The New York Times reported that T.J. Maxx and Marshalls told employees to throw away signs advertising the Ivanka Trump brand, a move seen as an attempt to distance the company from the Trump name.> Besides carrying the Trump brand, these companies had one thing in common: They were on the Grab Your Wallet boycott list. Those upset with Trump the president, feeling unheard and discontented, are using their wallets to protest by boycotting Trump the brand  and other companies associated with it.[sears and kmart](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-sears-kmart-drop-31-trump-home-items-from-their-online-shops-2017-2) also have dropped trump brands.see the article for the boycott list, reddit doesn't permit boycott lists. 
I'm so glad this is working.  I hope the name Trump becomes so awful that after all of their products have failed, then even unrelated citizens will start applying for a legal name change just to be rid of the stigma.
I never understood why people boughtinto the wholeTrump brand anyways. It's just a bunch of gaudy faux-rich shit.
Good, make their brand poison. Not like any of their rural voters could afford their luxury products anyway.
It's not hard to boycott trump products.  Wouldn't stay at his hotels. Too expensive.  Wouldn't buy his clothes, they're literally the opposite of fashionable.  Wouldn't buy his home goods. I don't believe that puking gold paint and coloring everywhere is the epitome of high fashion. 
To be fair, Trump had a bunch of failed businesses before he was even a candidate.
Have you noticed that when it comes to his, or his heavily plastic surgery-ed daughter's, brand being harmed, he does not call that fake news?I mean, when the bottom line of the balance sheet is getting smaller, _that number_ is the fact that bites him in the ass. Any other numbers like rating and polls are fake.This is the way to go. If you want Trump to impeach himself, without us doing much, just take his profit away. After all he is where he is for the profit.
I was looking for office space in NYC about a month before the election. When one building got back to me and I saw that it was a Trump building, I passed strictly because of that. I didn't want my business associated with that name. That building's rental manager called and emailed me at least 5x after my initial contact, even though I never responded to him. That was way more than other buildings I contacted. I'm guessing I wasn't the only person not interested in giving business to the Trump brand. (Yes, I'm aware that he doesn't own the building but that the building owner pays to use his name to differentiate the building from others.)
Wait, this isn't the type of capitalism I wanted. - Trump 
Actually, there is an even better way to protest. Find retailers who offer unconditional returns, buy all the Trump merch you can, then return it. Reverse logistics is expensive.
TBH it was hard to boycott in the first place, because who the fuck was buying his garbage in the first place? Who bought Trump Vodka, who bought Trump Steaks, who was staying at Trump hotels?Trump thinks he's some kind of hot shit businessman, but he didn't have any real cashflow in the first place.Now if he was the head of Walmart or something, then I could respect that. But he was into vanity businesses from Day 1. Fred Trump built a strong base business that Donnie thought he could improve upon. And Donnie squandered it all in stupid deals and tried to make it up with self promotion and loans and sacrificing equity.
Who ever bought Trump brand anything..,.
This needs to happen. When need to hit him where it hurts - his wallet. All Drumpf cares about is money, which is super funny when you consider he is multiple times bankrupted and the fact he is literally broke
This is the thing that will wreck him.The best part is it's only the penniless rubes who will rally around his brand, spend their last nickel, and learn a valuable life lesson.
Expect to hear:     The White House announced today that a gift shop will be opened to offer mementos of visitors' time at the Trump White House--all items will bear the Trump brand and logo.  
It certainly sets an unpresidented president.
What's the opposite of the Midas Touch?
He doesnt mind tho, having divested these business interests.
Wait until one of his properties get hit in a terrorist attack (one definitely will), his brand will be toxic.
I wonder if there's a way we can reduce Trump to a pauper.
Boycott it?  Nah, I'll just continue doing what I've always done.  Not buy Trump shit.
How can I boycott something I never touched in the first place?
I've deleted my Uber account, and as a University of Maryland Alumnus, I wish to pursue aggressive action against Under Armour. What other businesses should I be aware of.Amazon:It would be nice if we could take a stand against Amazon until they remove Ivanka's products.
He will only start to notice how unpopular he is when his companies and brands fail due to being boycotted and protested.
The good news for Trump: He's succeeded in using the Presidency as a bully pulpit to hawk his family's goods.The bad news for Trump: People may be judging the quality of those goods by the quality of his Presidency.
It would be so delicious if he ruined his businesses with his actions as president so he's totally fucked when his term ends.
In fairness, both are toxic.
Good
Those are little spin-off industries.We're financing his hotels and resorts directly with taxpayer money.
Not enough yet. 
I think the rise of Economic Activism like these moves and things like grabyourwallet in the political sphere are really good developments.  With the current levels of special interest influence in the political sphere and governance, there is lesser and lesser power citizens have to align government decisions with the people.By taking economic action - not buying products from firms that are not aligned with their interests - citizens can apply pressure on corporations that support candidates and causes that they do not agree with, and apply their economic power to align the system to their interests. Boycotting his brands directly is a crude instrument, but I suspect it is only the beginning.  The names of firms that supported his rise, are quickly coming out.  I will not be surprised when economic activism spreads to those firms as well.  Once it hits their bottomline, I suspect they'll have to be more cautious about who and what they throw their support behind.
This would have been a lot easier they had just voted with their votes rather than waiting until all that was left is to vote with their wallets. 
Imo, boycotting isn't good enough. Let's throw Trump products in stores on the ground and force the retail chains providing them to pay employee's their time to clean it up.Let's see how long the Trump brand stays in stores when the only thing that happens is profit loss.
I boycotted everything Trump 20 years ago, so I'm well ahead of the curve. 
Hitting him where it really hurts
Sweet, discounts at Trump hotels! 
That is exactly the way to counter a billionaire - in the pocketbook. 
It has been shown that our vote doesn't count. How and where we spend our money still does. Economic boycotts!
His hotels with his name on it need to down spiral next. This will be great 
Easy boycott. - Ive never shopped at any of these places anyhow and would've never bought something with Trump's tacky ass name on it period.
Trump is American that's enough for me
Oh noes Trump is finished!
I honestly hope that sooner or later trumps will realize he has the potential to be everyone's favorite President everHe's President now, he doesn't need these people anymore.As soon as he pivots away from President Obannon and all the other swampy politicians, he can become the President we all support and even loveAnd his brand will reflect that
You could've tried voting against him.
I guess libs have the right right to spend their welfare checks on whatever they want lol
To me that is a perfect image to describe this administration. The admixture of incompetence with an utter disdain of the possible repercussions for getting caught.
The folders on SNL were more real than the ones at TDrizzle's press conference.
He was elected to lead, not to read.
Just imagine Obama had pulled the empty folder stunt on his first days in office. Just. Imagine.
You mean the executive orders everyone's crying about? Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
> reddit doesn't permit boycott lists. Really? I'm sure they are allowed on Reddit, and for this subreddit I think that's just for submissions. Here, [I'll test it.](https://grabyourwallet.org/) 
> see the article for the boycott list, reddit doesn't permit boycott lists.Bullshit: https://www.google.com/search?q=reddit+boycott+listsTop hits are all in the subreddit about you-know-who, amusingly enough.
Boycott lists are the #1 on Reddit's boycott list!
Should have divested to remove this vulnerability.Also, to not be a profiteering piece of shit.
Sears and Kmart are still in business?
Dang when Kmart doesn't want your shit...
Trump will be the new Hitler one way or another. 
I hope the Trump brand falls so far that we stop saying Trump card and x trumps y and the like. Hopefully it'll eventually be redefined to mean embarrassing failure
what I want to know is how people could ever have bought Trump products before this? What about that guy would make you want to wear clothes with his name on it? Or stay in his super tacky hotels?
I'm glad it's working too, but it's so weird anyone bought that stuff to begin with. It's always been the poster child for tacky, I thought. It's so gaudy and ugly. Like others have joked about, it's what poor old timey people imagine what rich people do. There's nothing for me to boycott unfortunately. 
If I remember right - he used to inflate (make up) his net worth by saying the Trump name itself was worth billions of dollars.  I'd like to see it transform much in the way the word Titanic is now synonymous with disaster or tragedy.
Morons with more money than common sense (who still might be very poor) can't tell the difference. 
What about his vitamin selling pyramid scheme?? Are you saying I'm not going to become super rich, while detoxifying away all my inflammation? http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/05/25/inside-donald-trump-s-vitamin-scam.html
Same mentality that goes into buying designer bags.  Feel rich by wasting an obtainable amount of money. 
same types of minds that buy into /politics as faux-news source and faux-discussion.
One of the few fighting cards that the left, or sane republicans, have is that they're the people with actual spending money to make big dents in how companies operate. Some tea party blowhard in bumfuck nowhere, PA won't ever have that power.
What's funny is, that if he had done a blind trust and divested properly, he would be insulated from these boycotts hurting his wealth. As it stands, the only thing that his products had going for them really, was his name and brand. He's dragging his own brand through the mud, which wouldn't hurt him as much if he had set up a blind trust. I think his refusal to do so is going to have the opposite effect he intended. Companies and citizens in the US can use it as a weapon against him now. Which still shouldn't be possible, but here we are. Such a smart business man. 
You're not missing anything at the hotels. They aren't even nice. If you are going to spend money staying at a nice hotel, Trump shouldn't even make the list. 
And yet everybody still believed was a successful businessman
Yes! Vote with your wallet. Trump is going to lose the popular vote again and he can't order an investigation this time. 
>...the building owner pays to use his name to differentiate the building from othersThat is hilarious! What a stupid use of good money. Why on earth would he continue to pay for that toxic brand? 
It opens up the doors for his competitors, and new innovative small businesses.There's absolutely no Trump product without a viable alternative.
It's better to leave the stock and don't buy, even with returns. If that categories buyer still has a ton of inventory left on shelf at the end of the year, not only do they not buy any future products of that brand, but in major retailers the supplier has to buy back unsold goods. Retailers don't sell goods, they sell shelf space.So even if the company itself doesn't take a stance, the brand will still get blacklisted due to poor performance.Returns are a bit more tricky, and can be explained away as buyer remorse., which would allow them to take discount on future purchases, instead of the flat charge I mentioned above.
Not really. It just gives the employees more work. You think the owners will pay overtime for all the returns? 
Can we do this with Amazon? It would be nice if we could take a stand against Amazon until they remove Ivanka's products.
Or just contact them to say you will not shop there as long as they sell Trump merch.
People who buy their food at The Sharper Image?
This...sounds very much like it could happen.
I would LOVE Trump to be unpresidented.
A pussy grab?
Yep, all those funds safely tucked away until the day he leaves office. Nobody can touch those funds and he certainly isn't the sole beneficiary!
He'll start a government fund for businesses hurt by terrorist attacks.
Just stop buying from Amazon. Boom, stand taken... 
Www.grabyourwallet.com
Pretty sure he knows now
I'm down.
> Let's throw Trump products in stores on the ground Let's not. I'm all for bashing Trump, but this doesn't help the cause. Let's act like adults here 
The hotels are shit. You can do better.
Still waiting on that pivot, huh?
Oooooooo-Kay?
> trumps will realize These 3 words aren't meant to coexist in this universe, they will battle each other to the death.
What are you, a nut?
> As soon as he pivotsHe won't. If he was going to pivot he would have done it by now. This is what Trump is, this is not going to change. Deal with it.
That's in the past. March forward my friend.
Hilariously, a bunch of people did. In fact more people voted for the other guy than voted for him. But they were the wrong kind of voters, so their voices weren't heard. SAD!
More people did than didn't.
there is a similar idea about making reservation and cancelling at the last possible moment. 
Most voters did.
Reps receive more welfare than libs
All under the guise and buzz they're getting shit done. Like a beautiful large curtain that has a Utopian land painted on it while behind it is a desolate wasteland. 
I'm not sure they dismiss the thought of getting caught, I think it might not even occur to them as a potential outcome. They assume everyone else is a moron while overestimating their own cleverness.
Staged like a reality TV show. 
Presented to have substance, but it turned out to be completely empty. Yeah, a little too perfect an image for my tastes.
They were!  The SNL propmasters put in some bookmarks and labels and scuffed up the papers a bit. Trump didn't even bother worth that much effort.
I think he goes by Easy D now....
...elected to tweet, not to uphold the dignity of the seat. 
No, they're referring to the cart of Manila envelopes paraded out at Trump's press conference that he claimed was just a fraction of the papers he was signing to divest from his company. Nobody was allowed near them and by all accounts, they appeared empty. 
Nope.  What /u/rubenol said.
Reddit's boycott list:>1. Boycott lists
He really Munsoned things up.
Kind of like what Dan Savage did with the word Santorum.
In England, the word trump or trumped means fart or farted
I donno.  I mean, Trump might bring an end to Western civilization, but I still don't think bridge players are going to change the rules to their game, they're a pretty stubborn bunch.
x Trumped = x was supposed to be great, but crashed and burned in a beautiful, rainbow, incendiary explosion
We can start it now. instead of saying X trumps Y say X trumpedThat means X boycotted itself and faqiled spectaculary example Star Wars prequels trumped, Matrix sequels trumped, America trumped the last one is the biggest one of them all.
But, but...didn't you *even* see him on the teevee?!
Most of that stuff is fairly well made or has quality raw materials though.
You mean like this comment?
I happen to live in bum fuck nowhere and I find that I have been effectively boycotting Trump since well before he announced his candidacy.If he started to sell steaks at Wal-Mart, coffee at Dunkin Donuts and suits or outdoor wear at Tractor Supply it would get a little dicier. On the plus side we got a second street light last year! 
Any business venture he got involved in that wasn't related to hotels or resorts just crashed and burned.
A bunch of developers/investors from China  licensed his name to go on their buildings on the UWS.  He sued them for bad reasons, of course, so they already regret it.The name is already coming down from quite a few buildings in NY and Chicago. 
> You think the owners will pay overtime for all the returns?Unless they want to violate federal labor laws? 
So, what you're saying is it will clog up the company's ability to do business making even more people upset thus resulting in an even larger boycott?  
The owner has a choice:1) Deal with the inefficiency, or2) Discontinue the productThat latter is far more practical.  It's your customers who generate revenue.
I prefer [www.grabyourankles.com](http://reddit.com)
a girl can dream
It's a long shot I know.But if he realized that, he would see that he's shooting himself in the foot. 
i have a dream, ok?
yeah but do you see that if he dropped the tough act and cronies, he'd get what he really wants: people to love him
If he won't divest himself from his businesses, we must divest his businesses of their profits. 
Most hotels already have rules about that. You have to cancel 24 hours or whatever the time is before check-in or else they charge your card anyway.
Source?
I've known a few legit sociopaths (i.e. personalities which line up 1:1 with the cultural definition, I know it's not a formal disorder) in my time. Some of them are as intelligent as the stereotype suggests. Most of them only think they are, and what you're describing is exactly how they tend to think.
The SNL propmaster probably have had those stacks of folders on standby for a million different office skits.But at least they took the time to walk into the warehouse and find them rather than just stuffing new folders with printer paper. 
E.D. for short.  He gets confused sometimes during the Levitra commercials though. He thinks they're talking directly to him.
Elected by fewerHe's no doer 
Those folders were brand new, the papers without ink and crisp clean right out of Office Max look.  Not to mention all those folders were so important and worked on so diligently that none of them were labeled or identifiable.
Aka props.
I'm boycotting Reddit until Reddit unboycotts boycott lists!
Hey, I hope you don't mind, I got up a little early, so I took the liberty of milking your cow for you. Yeah, it took a little while to get her warmed up, she sure is a stubborn one, whew.
I already hated Mangoes.
Or John Oliver's definition, the sound of a wad of dollar bills slapping the face of a butler.
If I could just once see a mob of enraged bridge players pelting Trump with decks of cards & that nasty bridge mix candy, my life would be complete. 
> bridge playersDoes anyone under 70 still play bridge?
Lots of bags have quality materials.  But having the right logo across is costs a lot extra. 
[What labor laws](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/25/trump-court-filing-could-be-end-obama-overtime-rule.html)?
It's shit that can wait for tomorrow and customer doesn't get money back yet. 
No, just workers will need to work faster. You never worked retail I guess. 
I will do my part. 
so, what happes if you cancel at 26th hour, that's why I said last possible moment.
Chargebacks are fun sometimes.
He's just a big softie. Er, s softie. 
Make America purer,        Ja mein fhrer. 
Okay, everyone is un-boycotted
Don't you get tired of defending Trump with ignorance?
Your second sentence is false.
in what way am I'm defending trump? I defending the employee that has to do more work without getting paid, If you work 8 hours a day and ship 100 packages and receive 10 back is the same to the owners of the business if you ship 110 and receive 20 back. You just work harder and they don't care. What do you do for a living that customer complaints pay you more? 
Sorry, never worked management?Let's say this Trump brand stuff is a Filet-O-Fish and you work at Mickey D's. Let's just say the McDonald's is open for 9 to 5 and closed on weekends. Each time the Filet-O-Fish is ordered it comes back and money is returned. They will still close at 5. And the Filet-O-Fish will is be still sitting on the shelve. Who lose here? The troll was already going buy and return the fish burger so it's a zero sum. It's the employee who had to do the extra work. She still went home at 5 but now is pissed at asshole thinking it was fun to return shit all day. 
As someone else clearly mentioned to you, unless the employer is violating labor laws, this won't happen.Of course, you're too ignorant to understand this.
Sure, I get your point.
But if the company thinks there is a problem with the fish burger causing it to be returned, they may discontinue it. I work food/retail and we still have to pay for the product before we sell it. We're not going to keep getting a product if it gets returned every time and throw money away it. Then our supplier will buy less, and the source will lose business. We work with a lot of local small businesses and cutting or reducing a standing order directly affects them. 
Where do you work? I want a job there. If heavy work load comes in I get overtime. I can see a waitress getting paid overtime when the dinner rush comes in when she works 4 to 12. Tell me what job you have? 
Still the employee doing all the work is stuck in the middle. Just don't buy it and let it collect dust does the same thing. Only hassle to the employee is counting it on inventory day. 
If there is more work to be done than can regularly be done in a work day and you're an hourly employee it usually goes to overtime. Extra workload rarely results in a push to be more efficient which is what you're describing. 
I mean the employee is doing the same work all day anyway, unless they're just sitting there doing nothing. Inventory happens no matter what. This isn't the kind of thing I would do anyway but if it's done as a means of protesting then it's meant to be disruptive. Maybe they will even create jobs to help process all the returns.
So Owners and Trump don't know but might send a message to workers that might be pro-Trump or not. Got it. >Maybe they will even create jobs to help process all the returns.Maybe just fuck the hard workers already there? 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Forget Neiman-Marcus and Nordstrom: **now** we're getting into the demographic that might actually have voted for Trump.
Maybe Sears and Kmart execs saw how Nordstrom's stock went up after Donald attacked it, and they want the Donald bump to help their struggling businesses.
Trump will run his family into the ground like he has done to so many of his businesses. 
Let's see the alt right boycott the only places they can afford.
If you drop Trump's or his family's line of items from your retail business, it leads to an automatic boost of sales because people will stop boycotting you.  This is a no brainer and every business needs to do this.
If there's one place Trump's cheap, tacky merchandise belongs it's K-Mart. 
LOL since nordstrom got a [5% stock bump](http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/2/8/14553562/nordstrom-stock-price-trump-ivanka) after trump tweeted about them, everyone wants their own tweet.
Not even that Libertarian/Ayn Rand clown CEO busy destroying Sears/K-Mart can stand Trump.
At least this time when he sends an angry tweet calling Sears a failing company, he will coincidentally be right.
Being POTUS is destroying his brand. I find the situation hilarious and karmic.
...Trump has a furniture line?
Kmart still exists?
Let. It. Rain. 
TIL there are Trump home items.  Who the fuck bought those? 
TIL trump home items exist. Must be shitty quality. 
Damnit, now where am I going to get the gold magic markers to class up my van?
At this point it's amazing 2016 didn't just end up killing sears too.
That's the free market for ya!
Waiting for Republicans to complain that capitalism is so unfair.
They're baiting him
Wait doesn't Eminem own theses stores now??
Sears and Kmart? Think of the shopper this will impact.
You wouldn't be able to buy it at sears anyway, there is never anyone running the checkout lines, last time I left a cart full of stuff at the door because no one would ring me out.
Tweet:. Sears and KMart are failing losers, UNFAIR!
Trump HomeThe Trump Home collection includes ballooning federal deficits and rampant sexism, buy now and we'll throw in a free pillow sham and repression of non-christians.
I wanna know what took so damn long 
TIL:  These stores are still in business.
If Trump makes foodstamps it's time to sell sell **sell**!
Oh they just want the Trump Bump.
Begging for the Twitter stock GOLD!
In two years.. Trump family be moving into Trailer Parks with his supporters. 
The to tweet to Trump how we will stop shopping there. We need him aware of it so he gets angry and tweets it. Then I wait for my Sears stock to go up.
Aren't they expected to go out of business by the end of the year anyway?
Lol. Trump is a loser.
These stores are about to be pulling ALL their products off the shelves though
Sears and Kmart effectively being the same company.However, until Amazon drops Fuckface Von Clownstick and his family, I will have to start price comparing online with Kmart.
Was a mic one of the items?
Guys, buy stock in these companies. 
Good move 
I wonder if trump is going to have pence look into these attacks on trumps policies.
Time to go buy Sears stock.  (Sears bought kmart a long time ago)
Kmart and Sears are dying as fast as the Trump brand... Kmart had to stop selling Nintendo products because they couldn't pay for what they had bought from them. So they got that in common with Trump.
These companies primarily sell foreign made goods, I'd be boycotting as well. They will go out of business with a 20% tariff.
By going bankrupt?
Haha. Nice try Sears and Kmart,  nobody's still going to shop your shitty stores. 
They have already gone bankrupt several times and are on the verge of actual, permanent bankruptcy. They aren't worth the energy to criticize. 
Both Sears and K-Mart are headed for bankruptcy.  Sears just got done shutting down another round of stores in a desperate attempt to save a failing company with declining revenues.  It's no surprise these two stores dropped the Trump brand, they clearly have a long history of poor business decisions.  Check out the 5 year Sears stock price:http://imgur.com/a/pRDLoHaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahahaha!Sears stock is worth less today than when they originally had their IPO:http://imgur.com/a/tGUEmI'm sure President Trump is really heart broken to not be associated with a company teetering on the edge of chapter 11!
Risky move by an almost bankrupt Kmart to shun an American business and shun 62 million voters
If walmart pulls anheuser busch and nascar products from the shelves, the economy will fold in on itself like a black hole.
For anyone who is interested, there's a spread sheet out there of all of Donald Trump's known business connections and their contact info, which I am about to use reddit's big text mode to write out the address to below, after the colon:    #GrabYourWallet.Org    ^^^I ^^^am ^^^writing ^^^this ^^^in ^^^small ^^^text ^^^mode ^^^to ^^^compensate.    Here is a note they wrote:  > During the period of 2/6 through 2/10/17 a high volume of retailers began removing all or most Trump brand items from their websites including Saks OFF FIFTH, Burlington Coat Factory, Sears, Kmart, Jet, HSN, Gilt, ShopStyle, and Belk. HSN and ShopStyle confirmed in statements this was a deliberate choice,. HSN did point out that it is still selling at least one Trump brand product (commemorative currency), so it's remaining on the list for now, as is ShopStyle because it still offers 5 styles of Donald Trump Suits. Jet has been removed from the boycott list. So has Gilt. Belk has stated publicly it will continue to sell Ivanka in brick and mortar locations, so this company will removed from the #GrabYourWallet list until that is no longer the case. Burlington Coat Factory has removed all Trump brand goods from its site but has made no public statement about brick and mortar locations, so it too remains on the list. During this same week, Kmart & Sears removed all the Trump brand items from their sites that they directly stock and ship and publicly stated that they do not sell Trump items in brick and mortar locations. On 2/10, #GrabYourWallet participants voted to keep retailers on the list that provide official Trump brand products via 3rd party retailers.
It's looking like Trump's failure to divest may be working against him in a small way. Companies and people can specifically target him financially now.
[Trump won high income voters.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/white-voters-victory-donald-trump-exit-polls)
Everytime he speaks out against someone they get the bump.  
Honestly, they'll probably get a bump from this just because many people weren't aware K-Mart was still in business.
My thought exactly. And you know what? I think I'll go shopping at Sears today.
This is probably the smartest thing Eddie Lambert has done in the 15 or so years he's been in charge.
They are having to sell off the Craftsmen line of tools and close a bunch of stores. Times are tough for Sears and old K.
Trump bump 
if you know anything at all about eddie lampert, you know perfectly well that he has absolutely zero stake in keeping those stores/brands alive.he profits just as much if they fold, and has the $40 million settlement to prove it.
This may legitimately be what happened. They have nothing to lose really. 
They're basically desperate as it is. Sears has a chance of going out of business this year, and K-Mart isn't doing much better. Liberals really shouldn't be trumpeting this marketing tactic.
And the country
He's still making a truck ton of money renting his hotels out to federal employees whenever he stays away from the White House
I don't think SuperCuts sells any Trump products though...
Uh, pretty sure there are millions of broke liberals saddled with student debt who shop at walmart, kmart, and sears (well, maybe not sears... nobody shops there anymore).
I havn't  been to TJ Maxx and I went there yesterday to pick up a sweater.I might visit K-mart to get new shower curtain. 
Didn't work out for Martha Stewart!
All Sears had left was Craftman Tools and they sold them. They may as well close the doors.  
They pulled the products try Ong to Ander to the alt - left snowflakes.  They didn't  pull the products due to lagging sales.  
The real estate mogul who has probably never actually grilled a steak in his life put his name on steaks. Don't be surprised about anything you see his name on, he's a flaming narcissist and greedy as all hell. 
where did you think he took her furniture shopping for?
Online where things never truly die.
Just barely.
Small town here.. we got Kmart and its doing pretty good.. Sears on other hand may be close soon.  They already shrunk and don't have anything in stock. 
Kellyanne Conway.
Here's Trump's Baby Carriage for Son#3https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a9/d5/13/a9d513f4b9e5e651b63fba7387b8a64a.jpg
I went googling and used Trump Home and this image showed up, it is simply a photo of Trump wife#3 and Son#3 as a baby; but what human being would actually buy/use a baby carriage like this?https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a9/d5/13/a9d513f4b9e5e651b63fba7387b8a64a.jpg
It killed dozens more K-Marts including 2 near me that had been around since the late 1970s.
one time Trump's Tweet would be accurateStock chart of Sears (who owns Kmart)http://stockcharts.com/h-sc/ui
When I was in Mexico, Sears was still full of customers. It was like I went back to the 90s.
Apparently conflicts of interest work both ways.
Trump sells mostly foreign made goods, too.
Trump's wife is foreign made too. The computer you are typing your shitty comment on is also foreign made. 
Worked for Easy D.
Some traitors will stop shopping there, yes.
You mean like how Trump has gone bankrupt several times and is in a ton of debt?
Well, at least they both have something in common.
>They have already gone bankrupt several times and are on the verge of actual, permanent bankruptcy.Looks like they have something in common with Trump!
Ironically Sears is in the shitter because of an incompetent CEO who trashed the place with his deluded Randian ideals and complete detachment from how the world actually works.https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-07-11/at-sears-eddie-lamperts-warring-divisions-model-adds-to-the-troublesAt least his team could find the light switches.
>I'm sure President Trump is really heart broken to not be associated with a company teetering on the edge of chapter 11!He's no stranger to that. He's had four of themNot to mention he literally shouldn't care since he SHOULD be divested 
> I'm sure President Trump is really heart broken to not be associated with a company teetering on the edge of chapter 11!Oh sweet irony.
They are going bankrupt? Like the traitor in chief Trump has done so many times? Huh
Are they shunning 62 million voters or supporting 75 million voters?
Most of Trump's voters wouldn't shop at Kmart anyway. There aren't enough K's in the name. 
Riskier move would be to keep something on the shelf that no one is buying. 
They're just trying to reduce the amount of cheap, Chinese-made shit they carry.
Nah, they are shunning traitors :)
You're a fucking idiot and will be one of the first against the wall
Not really? A man who went bankrupt multiple times is President now. 
I'd be more worried about the inevitable riots.
Hey our Wal-Marts in Ontario just got beer! 
[They should get rid of Strawberry Pop Tarts in the hurricane prone area of the south](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/11/14/business/yourmoney/what-walmart-knows-about-customers-habits.html?_r=0) 
https://www.walmart.com/c/brand/ivanka-trump
I understand that boycott Trump is important,  but as a recent dad and a dude who basically doesn't have much time to shop,  I can't possibly boycott all those companies.  I can surely NOT buy Trump affiliated products.  I probably don't buy them anyway.  Can anyone post all Trump. Affiliated products? Right now all we can say is %100  are brands with Trump  on it
Step 1) Start a business.Step 2) Troll the current president until he attacks you on Twitter.Step 3) ...?Step 4) Profit!
All press is good press, that's the art of the deal, yea?
No don't go shopping at Sears, the CEO has been running the company into the ground for a decade now - its only Sears former strength that they haven't completely collapsed yet. 
Yup. We are his business now.
Ill get the Trump style please 
You missed the point. Liberals will happily shop at those places, it is the right wing snowflakes that will melt.
Why would they boycott? Hey, did you know Frederick Douglass is dead?
Youre just proving that republicans have poor reading comprehension 
While it's nice that they dropped the line, K-Mart is still a horrible, horrible place to visit. If you're looking for a vintage 1992 shower curtain, it might be the right place to shop.
Or perhaps a signing fish clock?
They moved to K-Mart now.. Better selection at K-mart than Sears. 
Ong to ander?
If everybody is a snowflake, then nobody is a snowflake. 
The article which you are commenting on disagrees:> Citing internal Nordstrom data, the Journal reported sales of Ivanka Trump-branded clothing and shoes had dropped more than 70 percent in the second, third and fourth week of October compared with the same weeks the previous year.
Doesn't drink and put his name on vodka too. That's really no big deal to me though, people do that stuff all the time.What I do find kind of hilarious though, is that Trump, supposedly the most bigly-best businessman ever in the history of history, somehow failed at selling booze, steaks, and gambling in the US. I mean, I'm not a businessman or anything, but those don't really seem like the hardest propositions.
Hey, we're the moron culture which bought into his brand of greed and elitism.
There's a kmart in my town
like circuit city. 
That picture is giving me a headache.  I can't even begin to imagine what it would be like to live in a place like that. 
Kmart been on life support since for ever too!
Kind of strange but actually Sears was bought by Kmart and then the Kmart company changed its name to Sears Holdings. Pretty strange, guess they figured Sears was a more pleasing brand.
Don't you dare tell him the truth
They would be in decline even without CEO troubles. Urbanization is on the rise, but people are spreading more evenly in the suburbs. Malls are suffering a slow death.
Considering that a sizable chunk of the Hillary vote is either on welfare or about to be deported, Kmart knows they can't get much from those voters. There's a lot more Kmarts in Trump precincts than in heavily Dem precincts.
Why? Motorized scooters only have a max speed of about 5 MPH.
>as a recent dad and a dude who basically doesn't have much time to shopSounds like a cop out to me. 
Honestly I don't think there's a missing Step 3. 
Logic checks out.
> the CEO has been running the company into the ground for a decade now The company was already garbage 10 years ago, it was garbage 15 years ago, and it was circling the drain 20 years ago.
No, please shop at sears.I need someone else to keep the company up so that the store at my mall can provide ample parking spots. Without me shopping there of course.
Can I order up one gif of the I am the captain now with this replacing it?Look at me, look at me, I'm the CEO now.
Isn't it great to know that at the end of your hard working day,  you are nothing but a few insignificant numbers on a spreadsheet? 
We're his family now.  :(
Just fuck my shit up fam
Just saying, people making more than 70k a year are more likely to vote republican. Painting people who disagree with you politically as broke, ignorant white trash is pretty toxic. It's about as realistic as the cadillac driving welfare queen. Edit: okay, alt right, not Republicans, got it. 
Looked up locations all stores are at least 1 hour away.  
The steak thing: who the fuck buys a steak at The Sharper Image? That's why it failed.
don't forget the king of real estate opened up a Mortgage business a few months before the entire global real estate mortgage world blew up in 2007-2008
There were 2 near me. No longer.
Well, yeah, but that's why you got to make smart moves. Get out of malls. Protect your brands, don't sell them. Figure out online shopping.I go to Target semi-regularly. Not because I specifically like Target but it's in the city, I can walk to it, and it has shit I sometimes need to buy. If Sears was where Target was in my city I'd go there.I don't remember the last time I saw a Sears.
I heard a while back that Sears had an idea to become Amazon before Amazon was a thing, and they passed on it. That is one of the biggest factors why they're failing. Sears half asses everything, and specializes in nothing. That used to be fine, but nowadays you're either going to home depot, Walmart, Amazon, or some other generic clothing chain.
> Considering that a sizable chunk of the Hillary vote is either on welfare or about to be deported, Kmart knows they can't get much from those voters.Okay, I will play.  Where do you think people on welfare spend their money?  Also, you might be dismayed to learn that in rural America the welfare vote went overwhelmingly Trump.And for the big one, please provide us all with any evidence whatsoever that any measurable chunk of Hillary voters was illegal.
Thanks for filling me in on the alternative facts. I had thought that the majority of Americans were against Trump. 
>Considering that a sizable chunk of the Hillary vote is either on welfareYou mean the blue states that account for 85% of the GDP? That give welfare to the red states? 
Savage motherfucker.
Yeah, but have you seen the [carnage they can cause?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1nb_T1JKps)Disclosure btw, link is to an ad, but it's old, British, and for a product I don't think you can even get in the US.
[Get the bikes!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csuZHyW-iGI)
They have a small army's worth of guns
Dont be an ass 
Of course there isn't.  We discovered it weeks ago!> Step 3) Sell lakefront property
There is a missing step 5 though if you think about it.Step 5) Long term profit loss They get a bump because all those protesting Trump go out and give them some quick business. And the reason there's a bump is they aren't the normal shoppers there, it's protest shopping. But in the long term there will be loss from the Trump supporters as a slow and steady curve down from the normal customers who have stopped and don't show on that instant bump up.Just a thought they might like to consider. Like Audi and the superbowl. I don't think that commercial is going to help sales in the long run.
I ran out of existential dread back in grad school
He said alt right. Not sure if you just missred or freudian slip.
Alt-right is not the same as republican
Those republicans would rather vote for  any other republican than that traitor, they just couldn't pick a single one and split their votes.
I like republicans, I know some (entire family). Alt right? Yeah not so much.
Right? Everyone knows Brookstone has far superior steaks. 
You're joking, right? /s?? He didn't really try selling steaks at the Sharper Image, did he? 
> I don't remember the last time I saw a Sears.[Sears today](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsGphep7YHQ)
I think you'll see a drop in the Dem vote totals in 18/20 in areas with heavy ICE raids
you can, it was popular for a little while in small markets when it did a media blitz a while ago. personally, i dont like the stuff.
Ugh. I had IrnBru on a trip to Scotland, and it is the most disgusting soft drink I have ever tasted, literally like drinking fluoride. I have never seen it for sale in the U.S.
he's not wrong 
Your assumption is that Trump supporters remain a constant number and remain passionate about him and the businesses that slighted him long term. Trump would have to buck all President's trend lines to get more or even the same amount of approval. History says his numbers will get worse and if his first three weeks are any indicator, they are going to get much much worse.
People forget so fast, I'm not sure if the long term damage will manifest. 
I miss the OLD Brookstone stores, back when they had unique and well made items
Yes, he did. lol
He really did. 
Cool.  Your feels don't count as evidence though.  So again, please provide us all with any evidence whatsoever that any measurable chunk of Hillary voters was illegal.For bonus points, please explain how such voter fraud occurs on a large scale.  Do illegals get together with a list of registered voters in a precinct, decide who is going to use which name (because doubling down would instantly blow their cover), ensure they get to the polls before the real person does (trying to vote after someone already did with that name blows the cover), and keep this all quiet?Please enlighten us.
I love this lack of logic on the 'illegal votes'Democrats commit vote fraud. Deport illegal immigrants. ???. Democrats stop vote fraud.
Thats funny i like it but i had it as a kid. People from other countries think root beer tastes like cough syrup .
No, the dude is being an ass.  We shouldn't have to boycott our politicians through not supporting the corporations that pay to put them in place.  The world shouldn't be this corrupt.  People literally *don't have the time for this shit*.  That's why we even have politicians to begin with, they're supposed to be people we can trust to keep things running.  Unfortunately the worthless pieces of shit known as republicans fuck this all up for the rest of us, and now y'all are bitching at someone for taking care of their baby rather than making vague political gestures through overly involved tangential avenues, which probably won't actually affect anything!  Jesus, if you care so much about it, go run for a fucking public office!
Wow. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>**Mr. Trump has reportedly requested that his memos be no longer than one page, containing no more than nine bullets.** The brevity of recently leaked memos regarding the presidents early immigration actions suggest this CliffsNotes approach may already be in place. By way of comparison, **Mr. Obama received a 57-page memo** when considering his early administration priority: how to rescue the economy. It's like we went from the respectable valedictorian to the class buffoon. He's so unqualified for the job, but he lied to a bunch of ignorant people and played on their fears to get there. He wants single page memos for our nation's problems and how he should act on them. How is that not terrifying?
It's also been reported that he doesn't read... period.
Trump can't read.  Spicer can't talk. Kellyanne can't tell the truth.  Bannon and Gorka can't believe they're running the country. 
>The American people have entrusted in Mr. Trump a solemn responsibility  to **carefully weigh the pros and cons of decisions** that affect each of us.Well then we fucked up.
A president that doesn't read.  Wow America, you elected a meme.
I'm a law student who has worked in 4 different offices. Do you know what happens if you don't keep up with inter-office memos?  You don't know what is going on, and then you end up looking for a new office real real quick. EDIT: I realize now I accidentally lead people to believe that I have been fired from 3 different law firms for failing to read memos. That is not the case, but it would be hilarious. 
Trump now has the opportunity to be briefed on what is actually happening in the world, but chooses to get his information from people on TV who don't have that access. Sucks for all the people working their asses off in hopes of getting a job that trusts them with the info in these memos. 
He doesn't read anything. You'll have to put it on the TV and let him watch it. 
He chooses to remain uninformed.  Think about that.  Like his constituents for that matter.I was musing about this this morning.  That, say, we convinced them to look at the science before running their mouths.  Then, I  sadly realized, we'd only get the new tweet: Fake Science!
I was elected to lead...not to read.  Trump McBain
Amongst the horrifying examples of DJT's style is the complete absence of specific example. For instance, we all know that in his recent travel ban, he identified 7 countries where we should not admit any immigrants. He colors the ban by adding that the US will embark on what he calls a program of extreme vetting. Currently, the average time for the existing investigative process is approximately 2 years. During that time, an applicant's life is put under a microscope for the primary purpose of determing whether the applicant is a danger or threat. So, it is safe to say that a vetting process has been in place for quite some time. Mr. Trump now re-names the process as extreme vetting. Precisely what does that mean? Noone has ever seen one specific as to how the current vetting process would be changed.Next, and repeatedly, Mr. Trump has stated that speed is essential. For something like the past 15 years, not a single terrorist act has been carried out by any immigrant from those countries on Mr.Trump's list. So, exactly what facts exist to provide a foundation for the speed he claims is essential?My point here is that while I, like all US citizens, want to be safe in our lives, there simply has to be some factual support for such decisions. If there is such factual support, then, by all means, let us hear about it. However, it is pathetic and ridiculous to hear such sloppy language that exists in nothing but a vacuum. Absent such specifics, the truth is that we have nothing more than fear mongering that plays to the lesser instincts of those who harbor unspecified resentment against middle easterners in general or Muslims in particular. This is, most probably, because DJT has zero experience with people who are practicing Muslims. I cannot claim to have known many people whose religion is Muslim, but I have hired Muslims and know a number of Muslims. Without qualification, I have enjoyed them all and aside from their religious beliefs, they, to a person, have precisely the same hopes and dreams as do we all.Without exageration, I have been a proud American for 70 years and, politcally, have voted as a Republican throughout my adult years. I have recently become ashamed of us and feel as though I am being robbed of my over and admiration for the miracle that once was. Hopefully, we will rid ourswelves of this scourge and return to being the country I know we are.Gerry Skey
I refuse to sign anything important until I get a condensed memo or someone gives me the gist of it.-Trump
Trump can read words, he can't comprehend what he is reading.  So it sounds like instead of looking like a fool when he reads through a document and then has to ask what it means...he just doesn't read them.
Bush didn't either. But he also had aides read the memos to him so he was properly informed before making his decisions.Trump doesn't care about the reality of the situation. He just wants to feel in control.
Are we ready to admit Trump's dementia yet?For god's sake his attention span is so short they had to edit his like 3 minute [presidential address](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSew1jkb_40) 4 times because Trump starts going off script and rambling every few minutes.  Look at the poorly done edits. Dementia doesn't begin with Who am I, who are you? It begins with a loss of attention span and working memory. Followed by behavioral outbursts, anger, sadness, confusion, awkward social interactions because their brain no longer has the computing power to read social cues, etc. Sound familiar?
[Watch what happens when he's asked to read. ](https://youtu.be/bd79UsXSLWg) 
That's the beauty of Alternate Facts--you don't need to read--just wing it for the factual situation you need at the moment, the Ultimate Situational Ethics situation for the first Post Literate President.  [I know, W didn't read much, but he did stay within the lines on most of his coloring books.]
Definitive proof the man is a functional illiterate:https://youtu.be/bd79UsXSLWghttps://youtu.be/KXGuJlTVXfw
>The American people have entrusted in Mr. Trump a solemn responsibility  to carefully weigh the pros and cons of decisions that affect each of us. Mr. Trump owes it to the American people to gather all of the information he can when making decisions that affect our lives and livelihoods. Reading is part of the job description.Mr. Trump is famous for not paying dues to  people who worked for him. Why should he change now.
It's a shame to think that America could have elected a policy nerd who thrives on this kind of stuff, but because of emailghazi we had to pick a mentally declining reality TV host who barely grasps email.
Stop using Huffington Post as a reliable source
I was elected to *lead* not to *read*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSaWuLiV4mwPretty much sums it up. 
Reportedly doesn't read. This subreddit has become nothing more but opinion articles and unsubstantiated claims. Utter bullshit. Let's attack Trump on things he actually does rather than reportedly does. 
Did the Huffington Post verify their source? If not I reserve my judgement until it is.
All these unverified reported or insider sources are blindly accepted as fast. That's a huge problem.There should be a term for it...
hes a huge problem.
While I agree with Trump that memos shouldn't be 57 pages long, I know running a country like the US is different than being a private citizen. So while a 9-bullet point memo may be good for running Trump Inc, it's not good enough for running the country. 
The guy graduated college.  And can't read?I'm not sure about that.Won't read?  That I buy.
I for one am pretty happy to be alive now.I mean, come on, we read about horrible presidents in history. Harding, Grant, Nixon, Buchanan. We get to live during a time when a bad president could end the world, and this guy isn't even trying, but he's proud of his lack of effort.It's one for the history books, if there are going to be any, and our surviving grandkids will ask their surviving grandparents what it was like.Truely an honor.
Remember when Bush didn't read the 911 memo, and cut down weeds in Texas instead?  Imagine hundreds of memos like that not getting read.  Donnie is functionally illiterate. There's massive proof of this.We've elected a toddler to run the country. 
*Reportedly*Moving along
>The President Reportedly Doesn't ReadFTFY
The President Reportedly Doesnt Read ~~Memos~~. Thats A Huge Problem.
> The President Reportedly Doesnt Read Memos. Thats A Huge Problem.The President Reportedly Doesnt Read Memos. Thats A ~~Huge~~ Yuge Problem.
The list of problems is pretty big. Is this one near the top? I'd put it in the middle. Possibly compromised by Russia would be #1. 
Yup, he seems to have low literacy and is not able to read beyond a 4th grade level (at most, in practice he acts like he can't read at a 1st grade level).Some sources:* http://www.inquisitr.com/3951406/can-donald-trump-read-beyond-a-fourth-grade-level/* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LFkN7QGp2c* http://perezhilton.com/2017-01-26-donald-trump-does-not-read-books/* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd79UsXSLWg* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXGuJlTVXfw* http://policeabc.ca/literacy-fact-sheets/Page-9.html
What does he actually do? What exactly are we paying him for? He doesn't read memos or get his intelligence briefings or have his EO's vetted properly. Instead he insults judges and ostracizes half the country. It's unfortunate we can't fire the pathetic and lazy simpleton 
Maybe they should limit all of his daily memos to 140 characters, and then he would read them.
So we have a President like redditors who can't bother to read the articles...great...
There's no great difference between 'unable to read' and 'unwilling to read' - the net result is ignorance. I still wish that interviewer that got him to say that his favorite book was 'All Quiet on the Western Front' had asked him something about the plot.  I think he picked that because he figured almost no one would know anything about it.  It sure is a weird one to pick for 'favorite' besides all his ghostwritten crap tomes and the buy-bull. 
Doesn't read.... more like can't read
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL!!!!
you know, If I got hired to do a job.... then I pretty much immediately began ignoring responsibilities and fucking everything up.... I'd be fired before the end of the day.  I know that kind of shit doesn't fly for The Don's employees.
Jeez, his suit looks like shit.
Huffington post is fake news
Wait a second. He's not attending intelligence briefings. His wife and young son live in New York, away from him. He meets with people in the White House. Just what the fuck is he spending all his fucking time on? 
The problem with articles like this is that anyone who supports him can simply dismiss this as fake newsEveryone else isn't surprised at all. Nothing changes. 
This article's source is another Huffington Post article who cites an anonymous source.This is the Huffington Post reporting on itself reporting on an anonymous source.
Oh, look. An opinion piece by the guy who just lost his job.Seemingly every new story about President Trump is either hearsay from some anonymous source or report if not demonstrable claptrap.Hopefully soon you'll tucker out from all of your whining and adjust to reality.
This article is trash.  Garbage.  Totally fake.I mean, probably.  I didn't read it or anything.
So... if he gets fired, he wont read the memo? 
We should just list the things we know he does avidly read1: Book on window dressing optionsThat is all
I'm getting visions of trump getting whispers of a terrosist attack while reading a book to school children. I snap out of it because we all know the man doesn't know how to read.
Yet Trumpers continued to think Obama did a shitty job.  Not sure what kind of universe they live.
Everyone knows Trump only gets his intel from watching TV and reading newspaper headlines.  This is why the memos MUST be leaked to the media.  *We really are trying to support Trump!* 
The president doesn't read, period, be it memos, executive orders or anything. Until I see him actually reading out loud I'm half convinced he can't read at all. 
'member when Bush ignored a memo titled something like bin Laden planning attack in the United States and then 9/11 happened? I 'member.
We once had congressional hearings over an unread memo. Condi Rice wasn't sure, but she thought it was titled something like Bin Laden determined to strike in US or something like that.
This is terrifying. 
If one considers his life, money and paid employees take care of the details and he only had to do the fun stuff like ideas and big sell meetings. I would imagine extreme details and grinding through often times boring shit has not been a part of his life since high school, if ever. This article being true would not surprise me at all. Ever try to walk a dog that has never had a leash on? They go mental. Trump has never had a leash, now there are checks and balances, the people, briefings, paper work, reading. That shit is BORING, low energy, for LOSERS! In the private sector no one is watching you every second of the day and if they bug you, you fire them. You can't fire the media. You can't fire the people. You can't fire congress or the senate. Must be frustrating as hell for him.
Redditors reportedly angry again at something Trump related.
He doesn't read at all! 
Every time I hear something negative about Trump I scratch my balls.Unfortunately at my restaurant they play CNN all day...I'm the cook.
*Reportedly*
Let's all send Hooked on Phonics to the WH.
I don't know if anyone watched the video at the end of the article, but, it's 3 minutes of Trump getting bamboozled by the people sitting around him while they talk about (and explain to him) the concept of asset forfeiture.  They mention how it's used to take illicit drug money from criminals but neglect to mention how they also use asset forfeiture to steal from ordinary people who happen to have significant amount of cash on them, as well as other misuses.  Trump even asks, Who would be opposed to asset forfeiture, who's on the other side?  Just bad guys right? (paraphrasing) but they don't mention police theft from civilians so he goes and asks them what they need from him, an executive order or what, and they say no just 'encouragement', so he spends the next 15 seconds looking at them all and telling them they're encouraged.
It worked okay for 43. Finally got that revenge his family was after...
hmmm and here i thought the headline should be The President Reportedly Doesnt Read. but hey i guess that includes memos too
You know the solution here, right? Format the memos to look like a twitter feed. 
Well, it's not like he'll need to worry about anything titled Bin Laden Determined To Strike in US
Every day with this man in office is wasted
My High School elected the class clown as Class President my senior year.  Sure, his rendition of Like a Virgin while in a tutu in place of a speech at graduation was entertaining, but having nearly every event canceled for lack of funding, our prom ticket prices double and being required to bring canned goods to the senior ball (we had to designate it as a fundraiser to afford it that year) in addition to not enough year books being printed for everyone that prepaid, and the senior trip being canceled altogether following a senior prank that left the school smelling like stink bombs for a month in retaliation for canceling the events that the president was responsible for failing to fund... it really, really, REALLY wasn't worth it.Edit:As there seems to be a lot of confusion regarding how my school worked I should add it was both a regular high school and a vocational school so we had a lot of hands-on student-run things. For example, we had a school store stocked by culinary students and managed by accounting majors. Class trips were organized by the travel and tourism kids and so on. 
Yup. [Biff Tannen is now President] (http://www.avclub.com/article/biff-tannen-was-based-donald-trump-back-future-wri-227323).     *What're you lookin' at, butthead?* 
>It's like we went from the respectable valedictorian to the class buffoon.Come on now. Obama was just showing off with his divisive intellectualism. Since when did reading become a competency for the leader of the free world?/s
So I will say if one had the first page be a bullet point abstract of the memo...that isn't necessarily bad. Having a quick at-a-glance overview of one's argument is actually a good thing.That said...yea...the fact Trump is ONLY capable of reading said abstract when the details would let you reach a more informed decision is, not only showing why all of his decisions have been so bad so far (and I imagine this is was what he did with his businesses), but why I have little confidence going forward that he won't continue to screw up (cause...you know...he bankrupted *casinos*).
He insults Buzzfeed and then looks to implement their clickbait lists as memo template policy in the white house
Release your college transcripts, Mr. tRump! 
Come on.  What do you want from him?  You want him to read 50 PAGES like some kind of NERD?
They don't want democracy. Get that into your fucking head. These people he has surrounded himself with think that democracy is flawed and want to copy the Chinese model of government. If what you want to do to save your country goes along the lines of 'vote them out next election' then you are deluded beyond saving.
Anyone who thought since he's rich he won't want anymore is a buffoon.Anyone who thought he's not serious about what he says he'll do one moment and thinks he's serious about what he says he'll do the next is a buffoon.Anyone who thinks every lie or ignorant statement of his or his proxies is a bait for liberal media is a buffoon.https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5telc8/most_donald_trump_supporters_still_think_the/ddm5m7p/
And you know what, in American society, who gets elected Class President in High School, the nerdy valedictorian or the class buffon.  Think about it, the root of the problem goes deeper than just Trump.I know this distinctively because I went to schools in both China  and the US.  The social stars in China were also the best students, and of course causes other to strive to be like them as well.Also a follow up point, in China, the best students are also seen as the most attractive to girls as well do to better future career prospects.  I was the best student in second grade, and I remember that other students wanted to be my friend because their parents told them to play with me.  There was this recent scandal in China where this star college student was exposed as having 36 girlfriends or some shit.
>we went from the respectable valedictorian to the class buffoonthe truth is just as cinematic - community organizer/constitutional law prof to evil landlord/ceo
I gotta feel for Hillary, kinda. When I ran for class president in high school, I lost to the stereotypical jock that was a popular idiot.
Out of curiosity, does anyone know if they release those old memos?
Hold the phone! Are you telling me that Trump *lied* when he said the immortal words: And I was a good student. I understand things. I comprehend very well, better than I think almost anybody.??
This is what working with an ignorant senior executive in the corporate environment is like.
lol it's like the guy in middle school who runs for class president on the platform of wearing a banana suit, no homework and extended recess.
I was elected to lead, not to read.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6zQ55S-DJsM
And imagine, we could have had the salutatorian instead.(Well on wonk-type stuff she would probably be valedictorian, there's more to a presidency than that.)
The last bullet must always be this:- You are doing a tremendous job Mr. President
>It's also been reported that he can't read...I fixed your error
I just watched the video of his speech during his meeting with Japan PM Shinzo Abe.  After years of criticizing President Obama for reading off a teleprompter, he (POTUS) reads his speech from paper notes on the lectern.  And it's horrifying.  Read two words, pause, glance up, awkwardly say the words aloud, glance down, read the next three words, pause, glance up...  
My grandfather will usually wait until everyone is out of the room to read birthday cards or documents.  He's around Trump's age, and I feel like he thinks it's a sign of weakness to be seen wearing reading glasses.  I don't fully understand it, though.
Ugh, I hate everything about Trump but I'm legit bummed that this particular niche of dirt is coming to light right as I've been diagnosed with adult dyslexia and am coming to terms with how foundational it has been to my learning/thinking/development. Not reading doesn't necessarily, in-and-of-itself mean he's stupid... willful ignorance/disdain for briefings does. If he was somehow making sure that the information is provided to him in a way that his brain could best process, it wouldn't be a problem. I could even be hypothetically sympathetic to an incoming President who processes information in X way who comes into a job where multiple bureaucracies/agencies have a hundred years of inertia communicating/briefing in Y way. ... but he's not doing that. Because he's a piece of shit. All I'm saying is that hanging all of that on he doesn't read kind of misses the point and bums me out for purely personal reasons/insecurities. 
If he cannot read then how does he type twitter?  
He's a lazy shit too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zQ55S-DJsM&t=11s
He likes to watch.
Betsy can't teach.
Pence can't grow a pair.
It's the Katawa Shoujo of administrations. 
Perry can't remember the name of the Department he'll be in charge of.Oops
Who is Gorka? I haven't seen that name mentioned before.
We majorly fucked up. The dig against Hillary was that she knew too much about how the government works (so establishment). They literally wanted an idiot. 
No. The Republicans fucked up. I didn't entrust this guy with shit.
You fucked it up for the planet. Fuck America. 
Most of us didnt. 
And not even one of the good memes like success kid or good guy greg, basically 4chan got together and put a cross between trollface and scumbag steve in the White House :/
Most Americans don't read, so it's kinda a push.  Less when you start getting into his hardcore supporters.
How does that work at the top, though? In my experience there comes a point where an individual's ignorance stops being a problem for them and instead becomes a problem for everyone else.
Or you become president of the United States of America. Either or.
Except he owns the law office, and demands you stop passing memos and speak directly to him.You'll be out on your ass before him.
It sucks more for regular Americans who are going to feel the effects of these ill thought out reactions from 45.
He has such a lack of curiousity. 
It also sucks for anyone whose life is literally at risk for him to have the proper information. Intelligence officers, military rank-and-file, etc. And yet, the majority of the military apparently supports him no matter how much he disrespects the work they do.
My issue isn't so much that he doesn't read, it's that he doesn't learn the information. He could have people read it to him, or even have people make videos to brief him, but he's apparently not doing that. Learning the information is the important part, not how he learns it. Choosing to believe uninformed people on TV is absolutely awful. 
It wouldn't shock me if he requested YouTube memos every morning.
Trump presidency in action. One part POTUS, one part grandpa in the living room with the TV volume blaring.https://twitter.com/_MarcusD2_/status/824715058311794691
This is a good plan. Just create a fake Fox News filled with his briefings. 
Ugh the other night when he was speaking and said something along the lines of I've heard a lot of terrible stuff on television I wanted to throw up.Stop watching so much T.V. Donnie, you've got a big job to do.
> He chooses to remain uninformed.It's more likely that he *can't* muster the attention or energy to get through dense, dry, policy briefs due to a lifetime of indulging his short attention span. He is 70 years old  the oldest president we've ever had  and old habits die hard. Even if he was willing to inform himself, I don't think he has the mental capacity.
*adjusts glasses*If you'd actually seen the movie, you'd know that even though the president had the look and voice of Rainier Wolfcastle (aka McBain), he was directly referred to as President Arnold Schwarzenegger.Sorry to call you out publicly like that.
Well said and good points. During the first debate he should have been asked, Mr. Trump, please explain the current vetting process for a person seeking refugee status, explain why it is inadequate, and explain what specific things you would want to have changed/added?Of course he couldn't possibly have done that then and he wouldn't be able to do it now.
Think of extreme vetting as just another marketing term. It means nothing especially when not backed by an explanation of how vetting is completed currently. 
> we have nothing more than fear mongering that plays to the lesser instincts of those who harbor unspecified resentment against middle easterners in general or Muslims in particular. Bingo.
[I don't understand the question and I won't respond. - Also Trump, probably](https://media.giphy.com/media/fXmpRvTWqIWbK/giphy.gif)
He operates off gist. This is incredible.
That worked out real well with the EO he signed that he didn't know elevated Bannon to the NSC. 
Functionally illiterate.
If anyone is around he just stares at the page for what he hopes is long enough to be believable and then nods and is all ' uhhuh ok, i see'. Hey bannon what do you think' and then just agrees.
Wasn't there an article about Bush II reading two books a week for his presidency?
This is how we got 9/11.
They don't need to do anything, his supporters don''t care and the GOP is well known for only supporting the people that vote for (actually, donate to) them, not Americans as a whole. The paid protesters and bowling green massacre are proof that it doesn't matter. They could announce that trump is winning every single scientific nobel prize, and a significant portion of the country would believe it. 
Holy shit... can he really not read?  Is that possible that he is functionally illiterate?It makes a lot of sense, but holy shit that's depressing. 
That could explain his reliance on *FAKE NEWS.* He actually thinks it's fake because he can't read and comprehend anything, so he opts for watching Fox. 
A reliable source when the name of the Obama administration official is right there as plain as day at the top of the fucking page? Never, ever vote again. 
You suck mcbain!!!
The author is an Obama official who personally handled Obama's paperwork. He's making the obvious point that Trump is going to make poorly informed decisions because he can't or won't study detailed information the way Obama did.
The guy's name is Greg Degen and it's right at the top of the article. He was an assistant to Obama.Never vote.
Yuge
> While I agree with Trump that memos shouldn't be 57 pages longThat sums up the problem right there. They *should* be that long, and he *should* read them, because he is the president. It's his job. If he didn't want to read, he shouldn't have run.
How did you come to the conclusion that 57 pages is too long? I mean it's a weird opinion to have because you have almost no data to reach the conclusion it is too long other than its 57 pages. I would expect running the world's sole superpower would involve taking in a ton of information. 
I can't wait to tell my grandkids stories about memes. It all started with a dancing baby...
Tl;dr:  World in bad shape. U S in bad shape.(How is that Mr Trump?)
Upon opening this post, I thought to myself; *When sorting by controversial, the first ~~post~~ comment I see will be nothing more than calling the article fake news.* Here we are.
[Thank God.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-president_us_58212debe4b0e80b02cc4986)
Yeah, but that's filled mostly with windows. Picture windows. 
Wait until you discover he is also the person charged with planning your class reunions.  Good luck.Lots of senior class presidents had no idea that they were signing up for a lifetime commitment.
Class presidents actually do stuff? I thought it was just a popularity contest
Oh god, this is America now.
My high school did a similar thing, except he ended up in jail for B&E during graduation.
was there no adult oversight? I guess I don't understand
It was your school's judiciary's fault
I think even Biff could read, didnt he have a car dealership originally?  He was just average mentally but a giant asshole.
So clearly, we need to travel back to 1955 and stop Trump from receiving the Almanac.  
Sad and scary that, what was supposed to be a comedic comparison, is actually happening.
Also, tried to grab Lorraine by the pussy without her permission.  
Ok, so this is the timeline where Marty went back and fucked his mom, right?
HahahahaOh man that is depressing.
It is disturbing that intelligence is looked down on in this country. 
One of the consistencies of President Obama's schedule was that he retired to his and Michelle's bedroom around ten PM, but usually stayed up for a couple of hours reading policy papers.  Every night.  The man was a voracious reader of wonky stuff.  The dry, boring stuff that every President needs to know in order to make balanced decisions.  Our current POTUS spends that time watching Fox News and rage-tweeting.  
Nine things every president should know about immigration, you won't believe number five!
Naw. He'd just release an official letter from the dean about how he was the most tremendous student ever and easily the highest IQ in the history of macadamia.
Course | Grade------|-----Math | Dad's $English | Dad's $History | Dad's $Science | Fake NewsPE | Exempt, hand disabilityCivics | IncompleteEcon | Dad's $
Journalists should just start introducing random brain teasers at the beginning of the interview as a joke.Then after a few months of these questions reveal that they were part of an IQ test and release the result.
If you look at how he reads some of the executive orders he signs, he's almost definitely seeing them for the first time (or reads at a 4th grade level) 
> and want to copy the Chinese model of government.Except China puts people in power who are technocrats, whereas these people apparently want kakistocrats.
>Anyone who thought since he's rich he won't want anymore is a buffoon.Three things you will never, ever hear:I made $5 million my rookie season. With smart investing and frugal living that's plenty to last me the rest of my life. I will not be renewing my contract.After winning this Oscar, I have enough money that finances won't be a problem. I will be resigning from SAG and retiring.After reaching the level of CEO, my compensation package and pension is plenty for me to live on. I will stabilize this company for steady long term growth then step down.For good or bad, people who reach the top of their game do so because they have superhuman drive and motivation. You don't reach that level unless you have the mindset that makes you want to keep going even after you have more than enough for a regular person.Trump will never have enough, it's just not in his nature. 
Prom king at my school was the football star, but valedictorian was an all-around great dude. Literally no dirt or drama with him. Straight A's in all AP classes, played in the orchestra, leader in a community service group, ended up going to Harvard. If there was one thing my school did right, it was picking this guy.
Yeah, but your emails!!!1!
Some end up in Presidential Libraries. Trumanhttps://www.trumanlibrary.org/whistlestop/study_collections/coldwar/documents/index.php?documentid=1-2&pagenumber=1Eisenhowerhttps://www.eisenhower.archives.gov/research/online_documents/declassified/fy_2014/083_026.pdfCarterhttps://www.jimmycarterlibrary.gov/documents/prmemorandums/prm25.pdf
the old memos. detailing (or bulletpointing) national security issues. most of which are ongoing. those memos?
[Does Donald Trump Know How to Read?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd79UsXSLWg)
I imagine it goes something like:Folks, this is an ex-ec-u-tive order. Wow, sounds fancy. Hey Steve, what's that mean? Shh, Mr. President just sign here and I'll let you turn Fox back on. Thanks boss. Gee whiz, this president stuff is hard work!
Difficulty reading, including reading aloudTrouble understanding jokes or expressions that have a meaning not easily understood from the specific words (idioms), such as piece of cake meaning easyDifficulty with time managementDifficulty summarizing a storyTrouble learning a foreign languageDifficulty memorizingDifficulty doing math problemshttp://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/dyslexia/basics/symptoms/CON-20021904
Yup, he seems to have low literacy and is not able to read beyond a 4th grade level (at most, in practice he acts like he can't read at a 1st grade level).Some sources:* http://www.inquisitr.com/3951406/can-donald-trump-read-beyond-a-fourth-grade-level/* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LFkN7QGp2c* http://perezhilton.com/2017-01-26-donald-trump-does-not-read-books/* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd79UsXSLWg* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXGuJlTVXfw* http://policeabc.ca/literacy-fact-sheets/Page-9.html
Have we ever seen Trump's reading certificate? I demand to see his long form reading certificate before I believe he can read.
He needs reading glasses, like everyone else his age.  He is rarely seen with them on. He just squints at stuff, like actually reading them is too much trouble. There's a photo out there of his 'talking points' for a speech and the print he's given is huge.  We can tell from his written speeches (likely written by Kushner) that it's the first time he's seen them, he's so slow and halting with them.  In other words, he's faking.  Everything.  But we knew that. 
To be fair and more precise, it is clear and known that he doesn't physically read.  Never a book, and he has himself said numerous times that he doesn't read the leases he signs. The reports are that her can't read.
>Functional illiteracy is reading and writing skills that are inadequate to manage daily living and employment tasks that require reading skills beyond a basic level. Functional illiteracy is contrasted with illiteracy in the strict sense, meaning the inability to read or write simple sentences in any language.
I didn't say it but a lot of smart people are. The President can't read.
Trump is a high school kid winging it through a presentation for a book where he's only seen a trailer for the movie.
And occasionally say that's so true as if he was reading it for the first time.
You know it's bad when W looks like a great orator
During the election, Trump's grand pivot was finally reading a few prepared speeches off of prompters instead of just word jumbling.  He was laughably terrible at it.  Imagine this clown's State of the Union @.@
He reminded me of the alter boys when they have to read scripture in front of mass.  Flat, and unattached, but pretending it is really important.
I knew a guy who would take a giant flashlight with him to read menus in restaurants. He thought it would be embarrassing to wear glasses.Reading with a huge camping flashlight and his nose two inches from the paper was, of course, not embarrassing at all.
these are the people who think egghead and four-eyes are insults
My mom went 30 years not realizing her grandfather couldn't read. He dropped out elementary school to help make money for the family. After realizing, she made sure she read him the cards she got him. 
> Not reading doesn't necessarily, in-and-of-itself mean he's stupid... willful ignorance/disdain for briefings does.It's also been reported that he sent unrelated tweets during a national security briefing.
Don't be bummed. Your diagnosis won't define you! I have a family member Trump's age. He has never been formally diagnosed, but dyslexia runs in the family. He is one of the smartest people I've ever known. Extremely well read, even though by his own admission reading was a struggle for a long time.On topic, Trump is an anti-intellectual asshat with absolutely no curiosity.
I'd have no problem if he had ever acknowledged his difficulty and then taken steps to rectify it. He's had 60 years since he was old enough to realise something was wrong. If he'd had any courage whatsoever during that time, he'd be a role model now for people with learning disabilities, proud of the accomplishment of reaching such lofty heights in society having overcome a serious obstacle.But no, he's perfect, and cannot admit to the slightest fault in any way, so he spends 60 years faking it and looking like a fucking idiot, and making other people with reading problems feel like idiots, too.
Don't worry about it. You are getting help and you'll find ways to cope. Trump would probably see getting help as weakness so he just doesn't read...Problem solved!
I've actually been saying that I don't really care if he actually reads them, but he does need to know the information. I don't care if it's another person reading them to him, or maybe even have them producing something like a TV show which he obviously likes. The important thing is that he learns the information. My problem is that it doesn't sound like he wants to learn the information. 
When people say Donald can't read, we don't mean he literally cannot read...we mean he cannot read and comprehend at an *adult* level. My 8-year-old nephew knows how to use Twitter but he would not understand a government memo.ETA I teach reading and in my honest opinion, I don't think President Donald J. Trump reads or writes above a fifth grade level :/
>I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. Time is money---The Art of the Deal.https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/139342777967329281
He doesn't, his aides do he just dictates what to write.
I said *doesn't* read, not *can't* read. Although even on twitter using third-grade level grammar he's had multiple spelling issues.
He's actually said he dictates them to someone, lol.
Barron come to the bathroom daddy needs your help
his proficiency is probably around 2nd grade level. Autocomplete can do the rest.
Voice to text
You mean how could he have a learning disability and still be able to tweet things like unpresidented and honered?Gee, I don't know...
He doesnt. He literally dictates to his assistant who then does the typing.
Exactly. Reading takes effort. More if you're not good at it. He's not going to get good at it at his age.
Being There reference? Nice. Been thinking about that movie lately. Seems apropos in current political climate.
McCain can't grow a spine.
Perry doesn't understand physics even at an undergraduate level, much less a doctorate, Nobel prize winning level. 
Those who can, do. Those who can't, teach. Those who can't teach, become Secretary of Education.
Pence can't accept his sexual orientation
Except all the routes suck.
[Relevant.](https://m.elitestatic.com/m/562923935f6226d8/we-fucked-up-bigly.jpg)
They have a really deep hatred of Hillary, and i just dont understand why. So much hate that they are STILL hating and shes not even relevant anymore...
He's whatever they want. He's a statesman who's not a diplomat, a buddha who's not afraid of a good fight, a legal expert who isn't a lawyer, an outsider with all the right connections, a secular Christian, a millionaire everyman, an honest cardsharp. Too busy to spend any time when he fights for labor and for capital. He's casually formal, totally invested to the point of disinterest in a serious game. Whatever they want, baby.
Thanks, Republicans.
A lot of us here are doing all we can to resist what we see as a dangerous authoritarian regime in lines with fascism. A lot of us see this as something that needed to happen. Too many apathetic but idealistic people in this country that have kind of accepted the corruption, ignorance and bigotry that permeated our government. Now that it has become extremely blatant, these people are no longer sitting still. Just have faith that this moment is becoming a movement against everything the world hates about the US. We hate that same shit too, and we're not letting it stand anymore. 
Still, far-too many did
Most of us didn't even fucking vote. They are still to blame.
And yet, there he is.
Most of you don't count.  
Most of the people we chose to choose him did though.
Not even the well meaning redneck or whatever that guy leaning on the truck is called
People quit if it's solely owned or force out the owner if it's board controlled. 
That's bullshit. You need to be good at other things too,, like pussy grabbing, adultery, mocking the handicapped and lying through your teeth. Oh, and it helps if you've built your mini-empire on such Christian things as gambling and speculation of course.
The technical term is [low need for cognition.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_for_cognition)> people low in the need for cognition are more likely to rely on peripheral cues, such as how attractive or credible a speaker is. [Donald Trump is holding a government casting call. Hes seeking the look.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/donald-trump-is-holding-a-government-casting-call-hes-seeking-the-look/2016/12/21/703ae8a4-c795-11e6-bf4b-2c064d32a4bf_story.html?utm_term=.1a0d3482427e)>People low in need for cognition are also more likely to rely on stereotypes alone in judging other people than those high in need for cognition[Trump Criticized For Using Stereotypes While Speaking To Republican Jewish Coalition](http://www.npr.org/2015/12/04/458426984/trump-criticized-for-using-stereotypes-while-speaking-to-republican-jewish-coa)
Well fuck--then do it!
He'd give Fox News security clearance so they can present them to him, probably.
Reagan had the CIA make movies to brief him on shit.
The very sad thing is that if he requested this I'm sure they would do it because they have to. 
This was horrible to see
I'm behind this.  I feel like the potential cost would be a wash in the long run. 
Glaven!!  Ahuyyyy
Yeah but in episode 2F09, when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones.
> I don't understand the question and ~~I~~ ~~won't respond.~~Ask President Bannon.
He supposedly read a lot of history and bios, especially other presidents.  No way he was illiterate.
They didn't edit it for his supporters. They edited for the people who are increasingly catching on he's significantly cognitively impaired. Once that domino falls it doesn't matter how much his core 1/3rd of the country refuses to acknowledge reality, he'll be fucked. But I do have to admit, historically you're completely right. By Reagan's second term he would get lost in the white house because he became so confused and there wasn't so much as a peep about his cognitive decline until years after he was out of office when he couldn't talk anymore and Nancy Reagan had to come clean. Keep in mind by the time you are mute from dementia the disease has most likely been going on for anywhere from 5-15 years or longer. 
The part where the SNL writer says, he thought we were laughing with him but really we were laughing at him, made me feel sick inside. I'm not a fan of Trump, but I can't help but wonder how he would have turned out if he had even decent reading comprehension.
Spelling suggestion, Faux News!
I haven't voted 
I'm sorry, help me out here. That Obama administration official is no longer at the White House, but he is speculating that Trump doesn't read based on reports from unknown sources, right? He doesn't seem like much of a source, but rather just another opinion. Albeit one with more first hand knowledge of internal White House workings. I'm really trying to get some concrete evidence that Trump doesn't read but the Huffington Post links all its sources to other Huffington Post articles that cite inside sources. Is it really intellectually honest to take all this as matter of fact? 
LOL 'top Obama aide says Trump is bad' holy shit send this breaking news to the front page!Yeah every single one of these stories has been named, reputable people.
Do people even go to those?
[deleted]
This is the reason my class has never had a reunion.
Wat?It might be a tradition somewhere, but it's not a rule codified in the high school class president constitution.My reunion was organized by some random class member on Facebook.
At some schools, it is.Also, the school administration should be supervising those that actually do stuff.  If they can't afford a prom because one chucklefuck isn't doing his job, a grown up should step in.  I'm all for giving students every opportunity to do their own work and fail, but when it starts affecting other students, someone needs to do something.
Our student government was in charge of managing the budget for events and activities, planning speakers and special field trips and other things like that. Certain things have fixed funding managed by the school board like Football and The Arts Programs, but extra things like student dances, talent shows, battle of the bands, guest speakers, etc were planned and managed (with some teacher oversight) by the student government. 
There are a few other indicators that Biff could read. 1. Both in 1955 and the original 1985 he was going to copy George's work into his own handwriting. He would need to read to do that. 2. In BttF 2 he had to be able to read the sports almanac in order to build his fortune. 
Depends on the timeline.In original 1985, he worked at whatever office George McFly worked at.In the new 1985, he owned a car detailing business. 
I mean, if he couldn't read, he wouldn't be able to use the Sports Almanac, right?
Not only that, at least Biff was smart enough to figure out how to use a time machine.
The Almanac is an analogy for the loan his father gave him.
This is the difference between the President of the Harvard Law Review and a reality television star.
One of my best friends worked on HRC's advance team. Everywhere Hillary went, she was constantly reading massive, Bible-level thick briefing books.Every. Single. Page. Good work, America!!
> Our current POTUS spends that time watching Fox News and rage-tweeting.Not American, but I've started streaming Fox News at home. It's absolutely fucking surreal. Children-of-Men-esque. 
The president also chooses how they prefer their briefings. Obama preferred them written and I believe Bush preferred his dictated. If Trump doesn't have the patience to read long memos, that's fine but he needs to get the info somehow and it seems like he doesn't care much for oral briefings either, preferring small twitter-esque snippets which is the real problem. I don't care if he doesn't want to read memos or even executive orders, so long as he gets briefed on the information. Troubling to me is that you really cannot distill the complexities of policy or the problems facing the nation, military, and other countries into a single page and he doesn't seem to have the patience for more than that. He will be missing out on crucial nuanced information and that will lead him to make some dreadful decisions. His impatience is going to be what sinks his presidency. 
This is why we need to stop demonizing education and intelligence in politics.  Such a thought process is cancer to good government.
He watches Fox and friends in the morning.
Trump picks up memo:  OK, but where are all the side photos of bikini clad women and before/after surgery pics?!?!?!  Lame!!!
Thank you for that laugh. Definitely needed it!
his IQ is bigly
All of his test scores were positive E: joke amended for more laughabilty 
I know it's early, but in the history of macadamia is the funniest thing I've read all day. Well done.
Thanks for the morning chuckle. ;D
Thanks for the mid-day chortle. ;D
Thanks for the early-afternoon guffaw. ;D
One of the most expensive IQs per pound.
Thanks for the Saturday snort
Thanks for the lunch-time snigger. ;D
Lol true...actually, he probably thinks 'macademia' is a Scottish University :)
Hand disability had me rolling. 
He actually had a foot disability keeping him from going to Vietnam, but when asked he can't tell you which foot because **he is a fucking liar** as well as a coward. 
> hand disabilityNah, mate. Bone spurs.
[Like this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs5r-HpGcA0&feature=youtu.be&t=31s)
That's a word I haven't seen before.https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/kakistocracyKakistocracy: government by the worst people
The valedictorian isn't really picked, though, are they?
I don't really see Donald having a Presidential Library.Still, good post.
I was thinking more the memos dealing with the economy, immigration and such. Not necessarily the the memos having to do with national security. I would expect there be a large delay between the memos being made and them being made public, but it would be interesting to see how they summarize that kind of information for the President. 
Holy shit. So there's a good likelihood that the President of the United States is functionally illiterate?Where the fuck am I? What has the world become?
He cant see. His vision is shot and he wont wear glasses because that will show weakness and weakness is for losers.
This makes it sound like maybe he is dyslexic or has some other disability? 
Considering he knows enough to tweet, I'm wondering if it's more the reports that his vision is shot and/or that he doesn't have the attention span for reading.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WolIS6PfJfQ
Learning disabilities come in all shapes and sizes. Dyslexia has a bunch of different types. And it is very common for people of his age to not have been diagnosed. I have a family member in that boat, though he loves to read, despite it being difficult for him. I bet Trump has some type of learning disability paired with dementia. 
Add this. It's amusing, but it shows he has difficulty reading. He attempts to hide it by claiming he wants to improv. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR7cQAjZsJI
a trailer for a movie that's not even based on the book.*
> as if he was reading it for the first timeI have some horrifying news for you...
>That much I can tell you, folks.
Presidents don't write their own speeches, and I seriously doubt he's able to find the time to review the speech before he has to give it.  You know, because he's so busy with memos.
And all the reporting on that event was about how it was impressive, professional, presidential, etc. that he managed to read off the teleprompter and stay on message.  Barely.  For once.  Ever.And he and his idiot supporters have the gall to say the media is too harsh on him?  Praising him for reading one speech ever?  That's what we call harsh?  Fucking kid gloves since the very beginning and they still all bitch.
My mother is over 60 and got some kind of 200W headlight for reading. Everything else except sunlight is not bright enough.I suggested she might need reading glasses and she said: I do not need reading glasses. No one needs reading glasses, unless the glasses have ruined their eyes. You read with glasses and then the eye adjusts to the glasses and you need stronger glasses  and then it adjusts again and you need even stronger glasses and then the GLASSES MAKE YOU BLIND!  
My grandmother wears glasses, as well as several of his kids, so I doubt he thinks they look bad or stupid.  I think it's just that he doesn't want us to see that his sight, or anything about his body, is degrading with age.  He had never worn glasses before he needed them to read.
Nerd stopped being an insult when it regularly lead to 6-7 figure jobs and companies valued in the billions.
Oh yeah, that's dangerous and unforgivable. Hence my continued burning hatred for him and everything he is/does/stands for. Being the demonic face of a non-demonic atypical neurological structure is now one of those things. 
FYI, that report has been edited. He sent out the tweets and folks assumed he was at the briefing due to his published schedule, but it has since come out that he skipped the briefing (which I find arguably worse). 
It is called functionally illiterate.
I retract my comment.  
Agreed. He can read, he just can't read much. It's how he talks, as well.I don't think a silver spoon kid like he was would have taken kindly to being told what to do by teachers. Add to that the possibility of an undiagnosed learning disability, or just behavioral disorders, garnish with a few million bucks from daddy so the kid never has to confront his shortcomings, and you have the recipe for lifelong functional illiteracy.
I think fifth grade is giving him a lot of credit, TBH.
My favorite thing about this is that he apparently believes his ghostwritten book coined the phrase, Time is money.
That takes more time though...
[A tweet where he says just that. ](https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/139342777967329281?lang=en)
It's truly unpresidented.
So does he dictate put this one in all caps or do they just infer that from how loud he screams?
Honestly, with his lack of judgment, there better be some screen up to prevent him from being able to literally just grab his phone and send off some tweet about how someone should be shot, raped, etc...Not that his supporters wouldn't support him if he said someone should break into Alec Baldwin's home and kill him and his family after being particularly butthurt after watching SNL one night or anything...
Hopefully not at 3 am!
*shudder
Nope. Voice to text doesn't make glaring spelling errors.>I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. Time is money---The Art of the Deal.https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/139342777967329281
Ok I get it... He is a learning disability.
Pence can't grow a soul. 
Money can't buy me love.But it can buy me legislation. 
McCain didn't grow a pair of balls when Bush and co. claimed he'd fathered an illegitimate black child.Don't expect too much from the man, his bark is worse than his bite.
I'm guessing McCain and a lot of republicans are waiting for evidence before they jump shit. Right now looks a lot like the run-up to Nixon. You only get one chance at impeachment or you lose public favor for doing so. I think republicans are trying to determine who should stay/go, evidence/charges, and who will lead going forward. I think McCain has a real shot of gaining power in the next few months to a year.
Dude... that's giving him too much. He would fail a high school physics class.
Like Bill Maher keeps pointing out, how do we go from experts in the field (even a Nobel laureate, I think) in-charge of these departments, to muthafackin Rick Perry? 
Sad!
Hoosier here, we've wondered about that. 
[Also relevant](https://d.justpo.st/media/images/2017/01/31/i-want-things-to-be-different-oh-no-your-average-trump-voter-folks-comic-1485906967.jpg)
The right wing media has been painting her as the devil incarnate for 20 years. 
It's mostly subtle and unintentional sexism.  Hillary was not much different than many politicians,  but women in the spotlight tend to be judged more harshly than men in the same position and circumstances 
I'll cheer when Americans come to their senses and stop living down to their lowest potential. But I'm not holding my breath. 
far-right too many did, anyway.
Those assholes are the MOST to blame. The people who said I don't like either of them but dammed if I'll do anything about stopping the one I hate more. That applies to whichever one you hate more, btw. 
Are you assuming everyone that didn't vote wouldn't have voted Trump?
Should've had a non-idiotic voting system.
The EC was bastardized by the states to be a rubber stamp instead of fulfilling their intended duty. Which was to keep a DJT out of the Office of the President.
Private equity here: separately worked for a couple bad billionaires. The staff undermined the CEO's ignorant lurching directives, the capable upper managers trying to keep everything together got canned, then the analysts quit en masse.Look familiar?
[Fortune, 2000](http://fortune.com/2000/04/03/what-does-donald-trump-really-want/)> Among Trump's theoretical peers, which is to say other rich business people, the situation is different. When Fortune asked several thousand of them to rank 469 companies for its 1999 list of Most Admired Companies, they put Trump's casino company dead last. More specifically, they ranked it worst in quality of management, use of corporate assets, employee talent, long-term investment value, and social responsibility.Trump certainly lost the best and brightest on a regular basis. A serial business failure propped up by $400+ M in the Trump Resorts IPO, $200+ M from daddy, $200+ M from reality TV, perhaps billions in Russian oligarch financing, and holding leveraged assets during decades of asset inflation.
Too bad we can't quit being Americans
Yeah I'd rather he at least have the information. 
He looks so much older than I remember. And he *does* seem like an old grandpa that cant be bothered with presidential shit. He *just* wants to watch his shows photographers. Leave him alone so he can nap. 
Bush 2 had degrees from Harvard and Yale. He lost an early election in Texas because he was a smart college boy. The dumb guy persona was part of the brand.  
Probably for the best. You'd most likely just eat the ballot.
Since Facebook, not really. 
My 20th was in 2015.I don't have Facebook and never got any sort of email or letter.I found out later that they *did* have one, but only invited people that joined the class Facebook group.  It was a class of about 500 and from what I hear, 19 people attended.I never planned on going to one, but that shit just seems lazy and spiteful.
I do. Open bar, motherfucker.  
I didn't go to mine because I was not yet super successful and did not have a super hot wife. Until both are satisfied, I cannot go. 
No, not when the reunion is in the gymnasium and emails ask if someone will volunteer to bring a cheese platter.  Yes, when it's a nice venue with a bar, food, and music.  This is one of the differences between electing the class clown and having student officers that are so good at fundraising they can leave some money in the bank for ten years.
Pretty sure it's always the case. Who else is going to do it?
As far as I know it's universal. Who else is going to do it?
According to my knowledge, that happens everywhere. Who else is going to do it?
Aside from you, who else is going to do it?
Yeah... I think a group of people who *care* get together and plan it....  Try to get everyone else enthused about reliving what was for most people, the shittiest four years of their lives, and hanging out with the people responsible for that....I went to a reunion... talked with a few people, remembered why I hadn't looked them up in years... left content to never repeat the experience.
Great points.  Confirmed, Biff is smarter.
> *build* his fortuneNot so similar to Trump then.
Even in the original timeline, Biff was George's supervisor. 
So 1985? Nice, that's 30 years easier to get to. 
But...but he was just a *community organizer!*
But her emails
She was just as studious and measured as Obama. They were both law professors. It's painful thinking about what we lost.
We will never know what we lost in 2016.  But just maybe the backlash against DJT will awaken the right to see what they can do to help the left fix this.  Some of the scenes from recent red-state town halls are powerful.  Something is waking up. 
> Good work, ~~America~~ Sanders supporters!!ftfy. Good thing - they havent learnt it still. Look at r/s4p. The same whining, conspiracy, purity tests that got us here
> One of my best friends worked on HRC's advance team. Everywhere Hillary went, she was constantly reading massive, Bible-level thick briefing books.> Every. Single. Page.> Good work, America!!Obviously not on the same scale, but her losing to DJT reminds me of Sandra Bullock getting cheated on by Jesse James with whatever tattooed skanks he was banging. Really, Jesse? REALLY ?!!
An HRC scandal would have embroiled *her*.A Trump scandal involves *the whole damn country*.That's the crummy part: there is no escape.  When he jams the economy due to 0 interest in supply chain fundamentals, not even basic macro economics  and less then passing knowledge of capital finance, we'll all be really and truly screwed.
Now, imagine where your head space would be if that was your sole authoritative source of information for 15 years.
I used to have to sit through my red-state brother-in-law's Fox News/Rush Limbaugh/Glen Beck fueled rants pretty regularly.  Every single time I was utterly unprepared for the utter foolishness and lunacy of what he (BIL) would repeat.  And it was always looney crap that came out of nowhere-- as much news as I consume, I was always taken by surprise at what the red-state wingnuts were worked up about, as it was never a thing that mainstream media reported.  And most of it was just so demonstrably false.  During Obama's first term I had to correct him so many times.  For example, No, there is no bill in Obama's in-basket just waiting for him to sign that will make all your guns illegal.  First, that's not how bills work, second, no bill like that would make it through Congress, and third, no sane media outlet has said anything about this. 
We are very close to living in some sort of Children of Men/Handmaid's Tale future.
> I've started streaming Fox News at home. It's absolutely fucking surreal. Children-of-Men-esqueI saw a YouTube clip compilation where Sean Hannity literally said let's just admit journalism is dead except for Fox News, Talk Radio and the Drudge Report. It hurts my heart that my otherwise good-hearted in-laws have this on in their home 24/7. They're not going to live much longer and I'm so mad that this election has forever stained my memories of them.
Wasn't it expected that the VP would do much of the boring work? What happened with that?
>but he needs to get the info somehowSend em to Fox and have them explain it to Donny on the teewee. I hear that's the best way to do it.
Exactly.If the bullet points are just for recommendations for Trump to adopt, that's one thing. But that should only be the case if they provide a detailed explanation of how they arrived at that recommendation.Without that, Trump really would be a puppet of whoever makes the recommendations.
Sad!
His sycophants insist he was saying big league, you know, as if that makes any more sense.
On all of his tests he got a grade...Uh... are you saying he got an A or that he received *any* grade?I'm not going to dignify that with an answer!
And I know pounds. It's what people pay at my golf course in Scotland. I have the most pounds.
The people cackling in that video ruin it.
Root word kaka? 
I'm sure there will be a bound version of all of his tweets.
I saw this and it makes sense, but I saw a press conference yesterday in which he was obviously reading from a prepared speech - so he is not literally illiterate. Dyslexic, maybe; unwilling to read sure. 
Potentially heading into a second Dark Age where intellectualism is persecuted rather then celebrated.
Dumber
Contacts exist? 
a lot of his tweets he has said he just shouts out load and his aids tweet them....
Dyslexia is possible.  My dad has it and also loves to read... it just takes him forever to get through a book.
I've always wondered if he has ADHD
Thanks! Yea that video is shown in most of my links, so I think it's okay there.
*watched 15 minutes of Lost instead of reading Lord of the Flies
My mom said this too, when in elementary school, the teacher sent me to the nurse to have my vision checked and my mom didn't want me to have glasses or else I would get more blind. I have astigmatism. 
> My grandmother wears glasses, as well as several of his kidsYour granny is transitioning?
It's ok, Don couldn't read it anyway.
Have you ever seen a really tech-illiterate person hunt and peck?  Squinting skeptically during the hunt phase like they think the keyboard is rearranging itself between letters?  *Nothing* takes longer than that.
That was terrible.
Poor kid. I pity his future victims as well. 
He is a senior citizen who is grossly overweight. I would not be surpsrised at all if conway wipes his ass. He cant reach it.  
Wait what? But this is more time consuming than doing it yourself.
I'm sorry, but your child has been diagnosed with Trumpism. Given time, he may be able to re-enter reality, but for now here is his prescription hair piece, spray tanner, and Twitter account.
McCain can't grow some balls.
That dog don't hunt
And it can buy you some hookers to piss on a bed.
So accurate 
Member when we were worried about Goldman Sachs having undue influence on Clinton? They have 2 cabinet positions in Trumps administration so they're cool now
Yeah, the most blatant give away is anyone who ever used the words 'power hungry' to describe her. If wanting to be president makes someone power hungry, then anyone who ever ran for president was power hungry. It's just that the men don't get accused of it for some strange reason.If you think the fact that she planned for it for years and actually worked her ass off to become the most experienced and capable candidate in the country (and one of the most experienced and capable to ever seek the office) makes her power hungry, then I think you're either sexist or an idiot who doesn't understand that becoming ready to be the leader of the free world actually takes intentional preparation (but most likely a little of both).
Like Warren? Makes a lot of sense. 
Not at all and that's why those people are also responsible. Not voting in most cases means that a person didn't care one way or the other who was going to be President. Deciding not to weigh in is a decision. 
That's irrelevant. The fact is that more Americans didn't vote than voted for any of the candidates. *That* has been a problem for decades.
That probably applies to 1% of the company. The other 99% (the rank and file) dont care about the memos anyway and just show up to work 
You could move to Europe, although that is perhaps difficult depending on your workfield and/or willingness to learn a new language. 
He'd click through it and miss the substance.
It wasn't even really a dumb guy persona, he was just a clumsy speaker. Even when he mixed up words or tripped over sentences you could still tell there was a thought behind them...
100% agree.  But some people here will argue till they're blue in the face that, no, he is actually super dumb.  Because you can be dumb and fly jets, right....
The people I follow on Facebook already know what I'm up to and vice versa. The rest I don't really give a shit about. We tried organizing 3 separate smaller reunions because apparently we had a lot of money set aside for one and each time maybe 20 people showed up. I didn't go but each one was just a small gathering over drinks and a fire after. There's still money left over in case we want to shoot for a 15-yesr reunion but I highly doubt that will happen. 
I enjoyed looking at facebook photos of people I didn't like from 3000 miles away on the night of my 20th reunion a few years ago.I did fly back to the 10 year reunion and thought... Yeah never again.
> from what I hear, 19 people attended.Served them right. I would never go to mine. I got bullied by everyone. College was so awesome. 
There usually are moms there. Lots of times single. Godspeed. 
Biff managed to outwit Marty and a genius doctor for most of BTTF2. Give Biff credit where credit is due.  
So why don't you make like a Tree and get out of here?
But George did all the work and Biff took credit for it.
Because he stole credit for all of George's work 
I think it was closer to '72 or '74 when he got that first million dollar loan (which I'm sure he never had to pay back).
Way too many people actually think this.
I started really hating Guiliani when he said that, as if it was something to ridicule and scoff at, when Obama was running the first time. 
As we are snuffed into atomic vapor, we will hear in the distance bbbuuuhhh buuhhhh but Benghazi!!! 
Although, fun story about Bill Clinton as a law professor. WHen he and Hillary moved to Arkansas in 1978 ish, they both took jobs at the Univrsity of Arkansas as law professors.  Clinton specifically moved back to run for office, but had to wait to do that for a year or two, so the law professor gig was a holdover. In one of clinton's classes, he LOST an entire batch of final exams. (In law school in most of your classes, the final exam is 100% of your grade, also, most classes are curved in some respect, usually with the middle of the curve being a B-). Clinton offered his class a solution. They could all get an above average grade, a B.  As the story goes, a few students complained and could take a new test.  One of those students was Susan Webber Wright, the US District Court Judge (appointed by Reagan) that would preside over Clinton's sexual harassment trial. I know a little more, since I work with a lawyer that was actually Clinton's driver the summer of 1978 during his gubanatorial campaign.  He recollects that Clinton took the exams with him on a flight to Washington DC for a meeting, and is convinced that Bill got distracted by something and left them in the seat pocket of the airplane. 
We just be rerunning four more years of The Obstructinist Blues.Which, given current reality, sounds pretty fucking great. 
For the majority of Sanders supporters, this was My First Election.They didn't know most of the rules and lots of those that did thought that online support was equal to real world support.They never left their social media and Reddit bubble then blamed Hillary for stealing the election.  Somehow, maybe through magic, Hillary forced millions of more primary voters to vote for her against their will and also, again perhaps through magic, was able to prevent Sanders voters specifically from voting.They blamed the DNC, as well.  Because the DNC owed Sanders,a lifelong independent who only ran under the Democrat ticket to gain access to their resources then **immediately** switched back to an Independent when he lost?Why would the DNC owe him a fucking thing?  I am also a lifelong Independent and I don't think I should have a say in who they choose.  Shit, most of these people don't even know they have **no Constitutional right** to vote in primaries in the first place.  Hence why different states have different rules.Those of us over 20 years old saw the same thing happen with Nader and Paul.
I hate the purity test attitude. It's pathetic
Very worrisome. I wonder if the damage can be undone. 
> I was always taken by surprise at what the red-state wingnuts were worked up about, as it was never a thing that mainstream media reported.> And most of it was just so demonstrably false.It's a social/cultural trajectory that will definitely be studied in the future once its ramifications play out.
And you can easily look up what bills have passed through congress. To prove it to you, all he would have to do is find the bill number in his sources and look it up to make sure its real.
This is a bit of conjecture, but based on the information that keeps coming out about the internal ineptitude of this administration, I wouldn't be surprised if Pence is still trying to ascertain his role, how those around him are operating, what the do about Bannon, how to exert his own authority, spending half his time talking about the latest Twitter mess trump has initiated, etc. I imagine for those traditional politicians currently connected to Trump, even a bad one like Pence, operating under this new, no rules organizational structure is a bit frustrating/difficult to get a handle on. 
He'd probably ask for Tomi Lahren to read them for him and he'd move on her like a bitch.
It actually makes LESS sense as bigly is an actual, albeit archaic, term that was actually used correctly when trump first said it.
He says that now, but there were like 3public statements in 72 hours where he said bigly
That's what he's saying, though.  I hate the guy and there's absolutely no reason to correlate thinking that's what he's saying to being any kind of supporter. :/ And 'big league' does make sense.  It's a real term.  It's fucking amateur and ridiculous where and how often he uses it, showing his extraordinarily small vocabulary off to the world, but it makes sense. Neither 'bigly' or 'big league' are any better or worse than each other and I dont know why it's such a sticking point for his detractors.  Especially when there's a thousand other more pressing and worrying issues to be fretting about. 
Nah, they don't bother with semantics like most politicians, these guys just straight up fib. He was in the top 2% of his class, he got all the best grades! 
How many times do I have to tell you guys... I've already answered that question.  How many times are you going to ask it??   -- Spinny Spice... Probably.
Kakos, which is Greek for bad
The question is, does he understand what he is reading. 
Functionally illiterate doesn't mean he can't read or wrote *anything.* it just means he's at such a low level that it becomes impractical
Regardless, the President should be able to read above a 4th grade level. And I think that still could technically fall under being functionally illiterate 
A president who CHOOSES not to read is really, really bad.  It seems 100% required to not only be able to read, and not only INTERESTED in reading, but to be able and interested to read complex shit.  
Being functionally illiterate is pretty common. You can read street signs, stuff on TV, and short, simple sentences just fine. But longer paragraphs, or complicated sentences are difficult and frustrating, so you tend to develop avoidance behaviors that become ingrained. After a lifetime of this, your entire way of thinking is affected, and you really suffer a great disadvantage in terms of being able to think clearly, reason properly, and absorb new information.He may well be dyslexic, and because of that he always tried to avoid the embarassment of trying to read, and that then meant he entered adulthood with barely any practise at it. Things just snowball from there.Even when using a teleprompter, he frequently breaks off into little ad-libs, which many people take as a sign of his off-the-cuff nature, but may actually be a tool he uses to give his reading brain a rest, because he can really only digest one or two sentences at a time.All in all, it's something that's not all that uncommon. But in a president of the US, it's both unheard-of and potentially very dangerous.
What grade level does he read at? 
He has early Alzheimer's/dementia. A decline in the ability to read is a hallmark. 
They're too large to fit on his fingers.
When you get old you need reading glasses or similar. Contacts don't work since you'd have only near vision then. 
Me too.. I can't remember last page I read.. sometime last sentence.. I have to go back and re-read and even make the story more confusing.I use Audio Books and Text to Speed to overcome them.
While I wouldn't wish dyslexia on anyone, reading a book slowly is the way to go, imo. Unless it's technical or for an assignment, it should be savored as slowly as possible. 
Actually *The Lord of the Rings*. Thought Rings, flies, close enough. Realizes later he was actually thinking of *In the Name of the King*. I've watched it at least fifty times! Great swordfighting, fuk all u h8ers.  
Depending on which 15 minutes that could be pretty close.Close enough for a C- in a high school English class, anyway.
As he was typing the sentence. 
High five.
For a dyslexic person, the letters repeatedly jumble themselves.https://www.indy100.com/article/this-website-shows-what-its-like-to-read-when-you-have-dyslexia--bkvKwiQlJW
Cthulu save us all
Only if you're literate.
Rick Perry can't count past the number 2.
It's ridiculous for anyone to pretend that Trump isn't power hungry as well. 
Exactly like Warren. Do you think it was a coincidence that she was the only one in the Senate they silenced with bullshit rules?
They're already starting on Warren in preparation for 2020. Edit: I hope she doesn't run because she's needed in the Senate; and as much as I hate to say it, being a woman running for president is still a handicap in this day and age.
For me? Nearly everyone left except for the people who were so deep there was no turning back - they held out hope for equity positions owing to their loyalty. They're still holding out.
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice... Can't get fooled againThis happened because he was smart enough to realize that saying the words shame on me would have been fucking terrible for him.
I don't hold that Biff would have been a bad person if he had a bit better raising. The soft Biff we see in Marty's final timeline of BTTF1 suggest he has a soft spirit but was pushed to be mean.He seems to have some brains about him, they just seem wasted on him. When given a chance to take over the entire city though, he succeeds. It takes more than just money from winning bets to do that.
Honestly, you do have to give credit where it's due. Once he realized what the almanac was and how the car worked, the idea of how to use it to become rich means he at least had some brains. 
Yup. Sounds just like Trump.
He already said he was his supervisor.
That's what he said, biff was the supervisor
Agreed.  I was working alongside a highly-educated person who bashed the former president for being a community organizer, while simultaneously praising Mr. Trump as the most qualified president since Eisenhower.  It was quite a bizarre comparison, to say the least.
It is sad. I recently had a design review with someone from the US (I am from canada). He is a well educated, well regarded, intelligent (well originally I thought so) individual in his area. In our meeting someone (canadian) had to pull out our phones and google obama's history prior to becoming a senator because he thought all he had done was be a community activist, and then use corruption to get rich during his presidency. Completely unaware of the fact he taught law for 12 years or that he had been earned a lot from his books. 
Don't forget, she gave a speech at Goldman Sachs!
That mushroom cloud we can see on the horizon is FAKE NEWS!
[Something like this?](http://www.imgur.com/gallery/kkZmS) 
I liked Sanders, and have been continuously impressed with him, but holy shit his supporters are the worst. I knew during the primaries that their relentless vilification of Hillary Clinton wouldn't go away after she won. On Facebook, a few of my True Believer Sanders friends (who, prior to Bernie's run, were totally psyched to vote for the already amazingly accomplished first female president) honestly thought they could get him elected via a write-in campaign. They also thought California was rigged when Hillary won that primary, because it never occurred to them that maybe the entire electorate didn't resemble them and their friends. These were college-educated people in their mid-twenties.
It cannot. The only hope is that, since Fox's audience is geriatric, they die off without being replaced.
two or three generations will have any chance at having knowledge wiped out.That breaks empires.
My mother is unbearable since Fox News made her a nasty pod person. It started slowly, but as my siblings and I discuss frequently, she is just impossible to talk with now. My sisters and I have very different political viewpoints, but we all read and know how to find information and facts. While I love my mom, everything from what we eat to her grandkids to what color the sky is must now be solely determined by Fox, and if they've not covered it, she simply refuses to believe it's real. I dislike Fox for many reasons, but the wholesale theft of my mother is unforgivable.
I mean. If there's a future in which to study things. 
I think many of these people stay actively ignorant on how government *actually* works, just so they can stay comfortable believing in all the wild and bizarre conspiracy theories. Like you say, so many of those claims are incredibly easy to prove, yet no one ever does, nor do those who believe it even ask for it to be proven to them. They're happy taking it on faith because it aligns with their preexisting beliefs. 
> > > > > I imagine for those traditional politicians currently connected to Trump, even a bad one like Pence, operating under this new, no rules organizational structure is a bit frustrating/difficult to get a handle on. Trump has continued his trend of being the eye of a hurricane of chaos. I reall think Kasich, had he been VP, would've been running the show but Pence isn't actually charismatic nor capable enough to do so.
Horrifying thought: Is she so far down the Twitter hole she lets it happen or does her inner revulsion push off the molester in chief?
And even if its out of currency, its an easy formation using a simple word plus an understood suffix. I did a thing big league is just stupid.
Oh I'm well aware. I was just pointing out the ridiculousness of the explanation.
Stop telling me you've answered it, Sean, and *actually* answer it. -- Everyone, hopefully.
I think it depends on the content.  My guess is, as president... no.
This is it. He seems to be able to read but struggles at the comprehension bit. 
He has repeatedly shown his disinterest in reading, learning new things and receiving advice. This is extremely alarming. 
If he has a legitimate reading disorder but was otherwise a competent, well adjusted president who made efforts to ensure that his disability minimally affected his ability to lead, he would be an inspiration to struggling students everywhereUnfortunately, he's just an inspiration to angry, ignorant buffoons. But still, imagine the movie
Maybe, but according to all the reports I have seen, he has never been a reader, never voluntarily read a book.
It's like balancing a punch bowl on a spoon. 
Cthulhu has long since washed his hands of this mess. We're all on our own.
Have you thought that maybe he's awaking? It would be one way to explain the madness starting in 2016.R'yleh is rising!
Well, it's ridiculous to use power hungry as a pejorative for anyone running to be the leader of 300M+ people at all. Of course they want power. They literally tell you so in every speech when they ask you to give them power. If Trump starts to try court more and more power to the executive branch by, say, attacking the judicial system that is meant to provide checks and balances, then it starts to become a more reasonable and substantial criticism. If he becomes more and more of an authoritarian, then we can talk about it. But in a campaign it's just a dumb way to say you don't like someone. And when the one who gets that moniker most often just happens to be a woman, it's hard to say it's a coincidence.
It's implied that Biff becomes 'soft' because George was watching out for him and trying to keep him inline after 1955. That only supports the idea that Biff is inherently only as bad as his opportunities allow him to be. 
I mean, he's only good because George keeps him in line. He *did* try to rape Loraine.
By what possible metric is this person using to determine qualified?Kennedy was a Lieutenant in the Navy followed by being a Congressman and a Senator before being President.LBJ was in the Naval Reserves *while* acting as a Congressman.  He was also Senator and acted as whip, minority leader and majority leader at one point or another.  Finally he was VP before becoming president.Nixon was in WW2, sat as a Congressman and Senator before serving two terms as VP and later ultimately President.Ford was a Congressman for 25 years before becoming VP.Carter was in the Navy for 10 years, a damned nuclear engineer, sat in the Georgian Senate before becoming the Governor of Georgia and ultimately President.Regan was president of the Screen Actors Guild, Governor of California before being President.HW Bush was an officer in WW2, a Congressman, Amabssador to the UN, Ambassador to China, Director of the CIA and then VP before becoming President.Clinton was Attorney General of Arkansas before serving as Governor before becoming President.W Bush was perhaps the least qualified considering g how little the Governor of Texas actually does, but at least he had 5 years leadership in a meaningful position.Obama was a professor of Constitutional law before serving seven years as a Senator in Illinois, then nearly 4 years as a Senator FROM Illinois.I just cannot fathom how Trump is the most qualified person since Eisenhower to become president.
I question the highly educated nature of said person.
That was the best. Trump and his cabinet are literally handing the keys to the kingdom to Goldman Sachs and company but we can't vote for Hillary because she got paid to speak at an employee luncheon once.
Don't forget the words pay for play were seen in an email and not really ever explained. Surly that's worse than nominating Betsy DeVos to Sec of Education who, since 1997 has admitted to and is unashamed of paying for her positions. 
It's pretty bad because a lot of those people were going to vote for Hillary one way or the other before the primaries and before Bernie came into the game, but then he ramped up the anti-Hillary rhetoric so much that his younger millennial voters bought into every second of it. I know I was falling towards that as well, although I was never stupid enough to turn my back for the general. 
Four years ago, I might've seen an administration which brought about the dissolution of American hegemony as an inherently good thing for the rest of the world. Now, I'm not so sure. Now I think I might prefer the paradigm of Team-America-World-Police-Fuck-Yeah to the other options out there, especially when you consider whatever is currently metastasizing in the White House. I'm the first to call bullshit on the concept of American exceptionalism but the truth is that the US is in a position to be an incredible force for good in the world. In a lot of ways, it already is.Idk man. Trump winning the election completely changed the way I view America, but it wasn't all negative.
:/The worst part is that I have a very difficult time imagining an event or situation which would break someone's faith in Fox. It's so similar to the situation back where I'm from (middle east), except it hasn't escalated to violence in the US. The problem with indoctrination, though, is that unwavering belief can drive people to violence. One of my biggest worries with the various conflicts back home is that any military solution will only be temporary because you can't bomb an ideology out of existence, just like you can't hammer sense into an avid Fox viewer. 
There will be a future, but studying will be considered treasonous. 
There will be a future. The records of our civilization might not survive totally intact, though, and it might take a few centuries to recover. Ever read *A Canticle For Leibowitz*?
And, unfortunately, some of those people are just plain stupid. They legitimately could not learn how government works because they're not smart enough and don't have the motivation to compensate.
Exactly. Let's not forget Pence was a shitty governor. He likely wouldn't have won his re-election campaign (approval ratings below 50%), but yet here is as Vice President. And considering Trump's current level of corruption and complete disinterest in following basic ethical guidelines, Pence could very well be president by the time this term is over.
Understood.Do send our best to your master.
I completely agree. I'll add that just because Trump didn't get into politics until relatively recently, it doesn't mean that he didn't want power. He ran a company as a dictator and he even had a TV show that was all about relishing being able to fire people. It wasn't just firing someone because he had to, it was actually about celebrating the act itself. His catch phase was ~~grab them by the pussy~~ You're Fired!!
No it's even better. The line was that Hillary was obviously in the banks pockets because she gave a $200k speech there. Who would pay so much for a speech if they weren't buying her wholesale!HEY GUYS. LOOK OVER HERE. IT'S DONALD TRUMP GETTING PAID $1.5 MILLION FOR GOLDMAN SACHS SPEECHES. I'M SCREAMING ABOUT THIS FROM THE TOP OF MY LUNGS FOR MONTHS AND NOBODY LISTENS!!!!! GAHHHH.Clearly, Hillary was the corrupt one. Sheesh. 
check out this chart that explains the people involved. source: Business Insider Magazinehttp://i.imgur.com/HD9jYJw.png
Well what the hell is taking so long ? I'm getting impatient.
Will lead to Trump's impeachment.... Yeah, yeah sure it will when the Republicans finally put all their agendas through. 
The entire Trump administration is a Russian puppet.  This is how Russia would win the Cold War. Reagan is rolling in his grave now.
Watergate started in June 1972. [Nixon didn't resign until August of 1974.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watergate_scandal#Final_investigations_and_resignation) >Nixon and top administration officials discussed using government agencies to get (or retaliate against) those they perceived as hostile media organizations. The discussions had precedent. At the request of Nixon's White House in 1969, the FBI tapped the phones of five reporters. In 1971, the White House requested an audit of the tax return of the editor of Newsday, after he wrote a series of articles about the financial dealings of Charles Rebozo, a friend of Nixon.Gee that sounds familiar. Trump is just a shittier version of Nixon. At least Nixon had sense enough to create the EPA but he's also the one responsible for the corporitization of American healthcare. 
An [insane conspiracy theorist](http://imgur.com/a/neagp) with ties to Russia is advising a president (that skips intel briefings) on our national security.DogDrinkingCoffeeWhileHisHouseBurnsDown.jpg
The conflicts of interest should lead to impeachment. If it turns out that Trump is in the pocket of Russia, he should be tried for treason.
Most Trump supporters are still flipped out over the former Soviet Union [read the poetry of Stephen Hunter if you doubt me].Being Putin's finger puppet will not go well for Trump.
His impeachment is not enough. His entire administration is involved and all should be removed from power and face federal investigations. Getting rid of Trump would just put Pence in his place and that is the same problem.
People don't want to hear this but Trump is not going to be impeached.  The Democrats don't have the votes and at best they can obstruct him until the *might* have the votes in 2018 mid-term elections.  This isn't just flipping a few votes (Trump needs to flip 8 for Supreme Court Justice nominee) this is flipping a lot of votes in both houses.* You need 50% of the House of Representatives to agree to a trial. Democrats are 24 votes short.* You need 66% of the Senate to convict. Democrats are 18 votes short.They also won't ruin it by crossing party lines and voting against their interest because it will fracture their base that actually votes and loves Trump.  Only 36% of the US population voted last midterm and those probably weren't moderates or undecided voters.  They were the hardcore/dedicated base of each party.  **Republicans have full control of the government for the first time in over a decade.  They aren't going to ruin it by impeaching a Republican president.**  
Comrade Flynn just couldn't wait.   He's just itching to scratch that fanatic itch of his.  But once the Russians get what they want, they won't sell their allies down the river for these clowns. 
banish that orange commie to russia
Geez the headline that keeps giving. I need a nap after this baby.
One can dream.
We can only hope.
Don't hold your breath ok
My question is would they actually impeach him
> Flynn, who serves as Trumps national security adviser, reportedly had conversations with Russias ambassador to the United States before Trump regarding American sanctions on Russia. Trump filth have no problem with this, they're too stupid to understand how treasonous this is.
Impeachment is the only way to show his supporters that he's scum.
Does Reddit realize this will lead to a Mike Pence Presidency? I don't know that it's a better option.
The question is how long will Congress ignore the red elephant in the room.
How dumb does Flynn have to be, my god. I take it he wasn't in counterintelligence in the armed forces then?
Yay! Winning!
Not for at least 600 days. 
If he does get impeached, what would happen to the members on congress? Would they face any consequences for dragging their heels on this matter? We know they aren't blind or ignorant (they are willfully) so they can see that everything he is doing is unsound and unconstitutional, isn't it their job to keep the president in check, to make sure he upholds the law?Now, I know in reality that they are willfully ignoring everything so they can power through bills and such to their favor and won't do anything against this creature from the orange lagoon. I know that the second they are content, they will start turning on him and try to come out as heroes who took down this senile man-child. What worries me is that people will believe them to be the good guys......
Won't this mean that we'll have Pence and Ryan in the Whitehouse?
Trump can be impeached at any moment for a multitude of reasons. Like Bill Maher said last night, A week of Trump is worse than five years of Nixon.
Patience, the cover-up will be worse than the scandal and that will be the downfall.
Traitor Trump deserves to be impeached, he sold out Americans 
Hold on to your butts!
I was super excited to have an article with this headline to share but Inquisitor is just microns past blogging really...
I don't know if mike pence being president is a much better alternative...With Trump I can at least have solace in knowing his incompetence limits his ability to do anything as so much time is wasted on doing things that quickly and easily get overturned in court.Pence on the other hand is actually a politician so he knows a little more of what he could/couldn't do and comes with the complete short-sighted make me richer and fuck the country in the process mentality.
Maybe I'm leaning into the wingnut too hard here, but wouldn't Flynn make an ideal dangle to the Kremlin?  DNI Chief left in disgrace, immediately makes contact with Russia?  I mean, it's more likely that this is just the fruit of the incompetent scheming of a treacherous spook, but before we all tar and feather the man, his back story would also provide credible cover for defection... it would be easy to play up the disgruntled ex-employee to an overeager/desperate FSB reeling from embarrassments while making big gambles all over the world.
I would support this whole heartedly. 
I hope when the dust settles you realize this witch hunt is just as bad as the ones the right does.  Conspiracy theory is OK now so long as it confirms your bias
Any estimate as to how long to we have to wait for the GOP to evolve into vertebrates? 
This is nuts.  I had heard a lot of rumors about the Russian connections, but I had no idea they were that deep.  Why did people not repeatedly point these things out during his campaign?  Manafort had waaaay deeper ties than news outlets made it seem.
From all I've read lately, seems like this chart is missing some information and connections. how about Rex?
Also, those expecting a bunch of easily discoverable emails and phone calls need to keep in mind it's possible to communicate without a trace these days. It's going to take some major screw ups like Flynn's to figure out what's going on. 
The only thing missing is Wifi Stein and her efforts to undermine Clinton while not saying a peep negative about President Trumpolov.
Needs more Kevin Bacon
the interesting thing about that is the white supremist groups, literal  neo nazi's, fought against Viktor Yanukovych to get rid of him.
Missing Dr. Jill Stein.
Ok so what's wrong. Russia was in contact with the clinton campaign during the election. I could see something seriously wrong if that ronestef deal is true, but so far it's far from proven
I found another chart that takes a look at the larger picture with a few more peoplehttp://i.imgur.com/R390EId.jpg
Take a breath.  The GOP wont impeach Trump.
Yep sorry to say it, but the GOP is not going to do it. The public noise for him to be impeached would have to be literally a hundred times what it is now before they might begin to consider it.
Wait for it. This is something that has to be a home run with the evidence. Between Trump's potential denial/the GOP, who holds the house dismissing most things, anything less is not enough. If Trump and a few confidants were brought up on charges only to have them dismissed it might not provide another opportunity because he would fight anything to exhaustion. 
The information with Flynn only said that the certain meetings happened and correctly identified those involved, where, and when. The dossier has claims but they are being corraborated. The reason it is taking a long time is that this is absolutely damning if true and so careful scrutiny and cross-checking needs to be done to make sure that anyone implicated gets implicated for one and two we dont want to implicate anyone who wasnt involved. Finally, this is involving  cooperation between NSA, CIA, and foreign intelligence so naturally time will be needed to make sure the proper channels are navigated. Patience is a virtue and good things come to those who wait.
This.  They'll get him to sign all of their backward bills (with President Bannon's OK, of course), and then throw him under the bus before the 2018 midterms so they can campaign on an I stood up to Trump platform.
I mean Pence would rubber stamp everything they give him too, they honestly just don't want trump voters angry at the party for fear of it fracturing. Party over country.
https://www.pri.org/stories/2017-01-17/how-britain-tried-influence-us-election-1940neither side is clean
>Watergate started in June 1972. [Nixon didn't resign until August of 1974.]I don't think this country has 2 years to be honest. 
I didn't see any insanity or conspiracy theories. More like opinions, hearsay and misquoted statements.
They fall in line like good fascists.
Are you on crack?  They love Putin.
Yes you tell yourself its the Republicans who keep going on about Russia okay
i'm hoping he takes pence down too.  i'm guessing the unsavory cabinet picks won't get arrested, but i hope their credibility is utterly shot.
No, no, no--When he is inevitably impeached, he will go back to being an entertaining b-hole that we can mock and laugh at...with the added bonus of the humiliation of having been, literally, the worst President in US history!  I want to see that, and I'm afraid that if he's in Russia, the time difference will be detrimental to our enjoyment of his meltdown.
It depends how much dirt they can get on him. If it looks bad enough that it would hurt your reputation to *not* vote against him (looking at you, Russian hookers) then they will. And honestly, I can feasibly see that happening.
I think it's possible due to most of congress probably not liking Trump and having more respect for Pence.
If pence turns out to be implicated somehow, then Paul Ryan presidency. It's shit all the way down the chain of succession 
Doesn't matter. The decision to i peach shouldn't be based on who the successor is. It should be based on if the President did something impeachable. That's all there is to it, or would be if it wasnt dominated by politics. 
Pence would have no mandate to lead and it's highly unlikely a president who rode to power on the impeachment of his running mate would get re elected, so there is an end game
Then you don't understand how unstable Trump is.  
I would rather have a real conservative potus (even overly so) than a kleptocrat any day. With pence, he is at least working off of principles  (shitty ones, but still) trump is working with his bottom line and image as his top priorities. 
> I know that the second they are content, I don't think they'll ever be content. Not in 4 years anyway. And once they figure out how to control him...heck, would you want a new president if you can control the current one?
I don't think Ryan gets automatically elevated to VP. But he'll have a bigger influence no doubt.
To be fair, this is more believable than pizza. 
What specifically are you denying from the article?
Seeing as they are still in the slimy stage, eons.
GOP does not believe in evolution
I'm beginning to wonder if Russia hacked the GOP and has blackmail worthy info on some key congressional Republicans. Either that or they're just feckless.
They aren't going to, and we don't need them to.  The second they are more afraid of the consequences of sticking with Trump as opposed to the consequences of opposing him they will throw him under the bus.  They did the same thing to Bush during the last years of his presidency.  
Never will happen!  They don't believe in devil science!
[deleted]
The donor class is telling them they want their ACA tax cuts now. See Mike Lee.  If Donnie's approval ratings tank, they may have no choice but to move to president pence.
My guess is that they might try to pre-empt the 2018 dem landslide by impeaching him themselves... after all their insane legislation gets passed.
Late 2018
what for? they swept congress and the oval office last election. clearly its cute and clever to make such statements, but it doesn't change a damn thing.
There was a fascinating story about a dedicated server in Trump Tower that stopped pinging the day it was exposed by some university professors. It belonged to a Russian bank. I haven't seen a word about it since it broke pre-election. Maybe it was debunked. But more likely, all the sleight of hand they're using, by doing and saying nutbag things daily, are probably keeping noise levels too high for the Times and the Post to know what to actually pursue. 
> Why did people not repeatedly point these things out during his campaign? I don't know if you're being sarcastic or not, but many of us were yelling and screaming about it the whole time.    [The first mention of the dossier was made the week before the election.](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/10/veteran-spy-gave-fbi-info-alleging-russian-operation-cultivate-donald-trump)     [Carter Page's connections to Russia were being talked about in September.](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/the-mystery-of-trumps-man-in-moscow-214283)  [The stuff about Trump's campaign changing the GOP's platform position on Ukraine happened in July.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/trump-campaign-guts-gops-anti-russia-stance-on-ukraine/2016/07/18/98adb3b0-4cf3-11e6-a7d8-13d06b37f256_story.html?utm_term=.d53252f7ac65)    [Politifact was discussing Paul Manafort's connections to Ukraine and Russia two months before that, in May.](http://www.politifact.com/global-news/article/2016/may/02/paul-manafort-donald-trumps-top-adviser-and-his-ti/)    That was from five minutes of Googling, and more could be found if it mattered anymore.    The problem isn't that people weren't discussing it, the problem is that the discussion got drown out by the thousands of other discussions surrounding it.  Trump not paying taxes, Trump bragging about sexual assault, a half dozen women speaking up about Trump sexually assaulting them, Trump's first, second, and third very shitty debate performances, Trump running what looked like an anti-semetic campaign ad, and so on and so on.    I think it was John Oliver who likened it to the difference between sleeping on a bed of nails, and sleeping on a single nail: We threw so much stuff at Trump that none of it penetrated when we should have focused on just one or two things.  
Because emails
What is it you've learned about Manafort that you didn't know before?
These peoples' business ties with the Russians have been known for years, it's not secret, and Manafort also has connections to everybody from Ferdinand Marcos to Ronald Reagan. This shit is like seven degrees of separation from Kevin Bacon. They all run in the same circles and most of them are consultants and advisors of some sort who work with multiple parties during careers that span many years. The only thing surprising about these connections is that people have never noticed the dozens of other ones that exist. Most of Congress are lawyers and such who have represented who knows what people and companies, and others have many weird connections from complex lives, like this guy for example:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evan_McMullin          
I don't understand how people are so okay with Rex being appointed Secretary of State. The guy was the CEO of Exxon until December, where he has worked since 1975. That alone screams gross under qualification and--considering his professional relationship with the Russian government--huge conflict of interest. At what point does the GOP stop blindly supporting this shit just because our president is a Republican? When the hell is someone going to stand up to these transparently bad decisions?
[deleted]
Well the euromadian was full of kinds of people. The secret police who where outurdering people protesting later fought in the same trenches as those protestors against pro Russian seperatists and Russian soldiers. There is a very long and extremely interesting vice dispatch where there reporter (Simon something can't think of his name) chronicals every bit of it love from the euromadin to Crimea being annexed, he was in the trenches with both Ukrainian soldiers and rebels. He was kidnapped and bested at one point before being released and he kept reporting. A real hardcore dude for looking like a nerd. Go check it out. Edit: I want to say it's called Russian roulette dispatches but I could be wrong. Can't link right now.
Because intelligence was listening to comrade Flynn on his phone calls. That's why he went from flat out denial to now he can't remember. This is a big fucking deal. He probably violated the Logan act, and if prosecuted, there may even be a case for treason. I hope the entire upper echelon of the GOP goes down for this. I doubt it, but it's time for some accountability for the feds.
Incriminating evidence of the ultimate mastermind of the plot
And here is a more [detailed chart](http://www.newscorpse.com/Pix/Caps/beck-chalkwall.jpg) explaining that chart. 
They will, if impeaching trump improves their reelection chances. That's why if you want to impeach trump, CALL YOUR REPUBLICAN REPRESENTATIVES 
so damn much this. there is already enough to impeach him, but won't happen until we can flip the house. 
Yes they will, they all hate him and are just using him to push through their stuff. Once the bleeding is over they will pretend to slow walk back some of those 'terrible ideas' trump passed, without doing anything. 
Correct! No no no....they wont. It's not happening no matter how much people tweet about it.
> The GOP wont impeach Trump.Can we impeach them too?
I disagree, once its over 50% OR the intell agencies say this for sure happened, this man is compromised it will happen. Its just a matter of time, and the sooner the better. If at least 50% of the public doesnt want him gone though on both sides, then they will wait or risk who knows what kind of backlash from the public. They want the majority of public support or it will be an even bigger mess. Edit, hell I wonder if this isn't a 'test' to say you think you dont want our corporate owned steady handed politicians, you want 'CHANGE' okay forget bernie, try this.... when we hate it we go back to the 'steady corporate control' again for safety sake. 
That's a cool story... from 1940. 
75 years ago? My dad was not born then.
Democrats were the pro slavery ones! Remember when the GOP did that one good thing over a hundred years ago???
Good job, Comrade.  Here is instructions for more whataboutism in case you forget:https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism
That falls right in line with Trump's 'you think our country's so innocent?' line of thinking.  Also [whataboutism](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism).  Gross, dude. Take that shit somewhere else. 
Don't you have anything better to do
Good point, just point out which Democrats from 1940 are still serving in the government, so we can make sure to get rid of them along with those who are part of the Russian scandal.
Ahh another version of the tu quoque logical fallacy!  Always good for a laugh!Hey, I got another one?  Did you know that the German government caused communism?  Back in WW1, Lenin was in exile in Switzerland while Russia was in revolt. Stuck in Zurich because of the front, he couldn't go to Russia to exploit the revolution to get his Bolsheviks in power. The Germans in 1917 were short on time and wanted to wrap up the war on the eastern front. So they conveniently didn't notice Lenin taking a train from Zurich to St Petersburg. Months later, you have the treaty of Brest-Litovsk wrapping up the eastern front. So I guess that makes the Germany of today bad, right?
It's more innocuous, but far more dangerous: Jesus Christ, Republicanism, and nationalism are all rolled up into one for them. It's a byproduct of intense religiosity. 
They think it's 'fake news.'I hope.
And on top of that, maybe Ivanka will disown him for dragging her brand down with him.
Thank you. It's as if people think a president should be unimpeachable if he chooses a really shitty VP.
Underwood 2016!
And we can fight them too.
Oh well good, so if we just keep electing pond scum the situation should resolve itself eventually
GOP is a product of ~~intelligent~~ design.
Okay, how long until the GOP steals God's magic apples that impart the knowledge of good and evil?
That would certainly tie up the whole deal with a nice bow. After all, we have numerous sitting members who wouldn't say a nice thing about Trump prior to him winning. Now except for two single votes on the SecEd, they're walking in lockstep.
BING BING BING!No need to wonder. [We already know Russia hacked the GOP](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/10/politics/comey-republicans-hacked-russia/index.html). And obviously it would be useful to blackmail key GOP players. What would such an event look like from the outside? It would look like those key GOP players were refusing to do anything about Trump. How strange.
Unfortunately, there is an alternate (I think more probable) explanation for the Republican's fecklessness. This [politico piece](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/02/how-russia-became-a-leader-of-the-worldwide-christian-right-214755) by Casey Michel looks at the connections between the American Christian Right groups and Russia:> the WCF [[*World Congress of Families*]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Congress_of_Families) is a product of joint Russian-American homophobic ingenuity. As Christopher Stroop, a postdoctoral scholar at the University of South Florida, recently detailed, the WCF was the brainchild of Anatoly Antonov and Viktor Medkov, a pair of sociology professors at Lomonosov Moscow State University, and Allan Carlson, WCFs current president emeritus. The two Russians, according to Mother Jones, were casting about for a means to stave off their countrys looming demographic winterthe idea that progressive legislation, from birth control to LGBT rights, will precipitate civilizational collapseand stumbled over Carlsons prior work. Gathering in the apartment of a Russian Orthodox mystic, the trio outlined an organization that would help oversee a global Christian rightand restore Russia to a position abdicated during the atheistic Soviet period.And praise by Religious Right groups in the US for certain anti-LGBT policies:> Moscows ban on Americans adopting Russian children that year [2013] managed to gain support within the U.S.s far right, with Christian fundamentalists praising Putins move as preventing children from living with same-sex parents.And>For instance, according to Bryan Fischer, who until 2015 was a spokesman for the American Family Association, Putin is the lion of Christianity. Evangelical Franklin Graham has likewise lauded Putin as someone protecting traditional Christianity, while Buchanan only continues praising Putin.Religious Right groups in the US admire Russia's commitment to *supposedly* traditional christian values. This is a highly motivated slice of the electorate in the US, who Steve Bannon is well aware of from his time as editor of Breitbart. I think it's quite possible Trump's reluctance to denounce Putin is a political move, straight from Bannon, to not alienate those supporters. The Republicans actually have a very sophisticated data operation, in comparison to the Democrats, and I'm sure they are well aware of this affinity among the Christian right. 
Is that Scottish for not giving a feck?
Eh, maybe. I think it's more likely they just want to hold on to Trump's base and not piss them off. The best hope for the pro-impeachment crowd is a bombshell that pretty much confirms a link between Russia and Trump and the fact that he's being blackmailed by them, which, going by yesterday's reports, the intelligence community is well on it's way to finding. People would take to the streets and demand impeachment, of course, though if most of them are democrats, there are also many large companies and foreign powers who would want to see justice served, so the GOP would pretty much be forced too launch an investigation and impeachment proceedings.It's not *that* likely that they'll grow a spine anytime soon, but that's the most likely way they will. And frankly, at this rate, it's not *that* unlikely. 
That's been the assumption for months now: That Russia hacked both the DNC and RNC, and tactically released information from the DNC to sabotage Clinton while withholding information from the RNC as blackmail. Some people think Russia even has dirt on Trump himself. 
They're politicians, until the GOP base turns against Trump, they won't.
They probably have emails from key GOP leaders talking about Trump's rise and how they could use him as a fall guy. Working to undermine him during the primaries... talking about mitigating the fall out when he lost against Clinton... and then finally deciding to use him as a fall-guy to pass unpopular legislation before resigning to give Pence the Presidency.GOP is being indirectly blackmailed into tacitly supporting Trump because those docs would fracture their party into old-school GOP and crazy red-hats.
Which includes the chance of never if there isn't a serious stressor.
It'll be business as usual with Pence in charge, but at least we won't have to worry about a midnight twitter rampage followed by a preemptive nuclear strike.
Not as cute as puppies, but your point is well taken. I think one of the few silver linings of Trump ascending to the Presidency is that it illustrates just how sick the American people really are of these chickenshit politicians who only act in their own interest. Exposing them for the massive frauds that they are is the first step towards voting these bastards out and finding some leaders that actually give a shit about their constituents. 
That's scarier than most of the ghost stories I was told as a kid.  If that's real, I don't know what I would do. 
that story was debunked, as you said (or at least not proven - i read that it's not true but can't find the source)http://www.snopes.com/trump-server-tied-to-russian-bank/
WHY, Why did no one warn us??!!!  I checked all the reputable newsites (Breitbart, Fox News, and Infowars) before voting for Trump!!  Not one single story about any of this!!
Lot of possibilities, but no doubt extra attention is likely on him now. Though if they're finding anything suspicious, they're not going to rush to tell the public. 
There is no way it will help them to impeach him.  Trump is going to hold on to a majority of support by republican voters no matter what happens.
What are those of us in blue districts/states supposed to do?
Are you going to vote Republican if they impeach Trump? 
Rather than call for impeachment, it's probably better to tell them you are worried and ask they conduct a proper investigation... 
Impeaching Trump would destroy their party, as their party was responsible for electing a traitor. Their best strategy is to downplay the connections and hope for the best. 
> they all hate himHave you seen Trump's popularity with GOP voters?  It's like 80%.  No, they won't.  
Republicans can't win without Trump's base
Well, we can vote them out.
i agree. not a political statement. just think its interesting. downvoting is a bit unwarranted. youre not parroting what im saying? downvote!
I've had a few conversations with people trying to point out that one reason we may be so susceptible to propaganda and outright lies is the shear number of people who were raised from toddlers to accept nonsensical fairy tales with zero evidence (and lots of counter evidence) as absolute unquestionable fact.When we start so many children off with that kind of insidious brainwashing, how can we be surprised that people treat all of reality and objectivity with the same kind of disdain.
Evolve itself.
If we could just drain the swamp there won't be any pond scum left.
Of unintelligent design, I'll buy that.
They've been walking in lockstep for the last 20 years.Edit: Also, the 2 votes against DeVos was pure politics...don't let them fool you.
A few sitting republicans in the closet you say?
I'm not sure I agree. What happened to the simple explanation that everyone agreed to? Occam's razor: the GOP does not want to touch Trump for fear of losing his base. Despite their wins this year, they are on thin ice electorally, losing by millions of votes and having lost the popular vote in 6 out the last 7 presidential elections. They need every vote they can get. Simple as that.
It was true, at the time they just couldn't find any information to be sure that it indicated the Trump campaign and the Russians were in communication and it wasn't Russian spam being sent out to the server, but after this week its come out that the Trump campaign was in contact with the Russians during the campaign
You forgot this /s
Trump is going to hold on to the labia majora of republican representatives, too
I don't think that's true.  The majority of the GOP base will turn if this blows wide open, and they'll be clamoring to get Pence behind the big desk, unless Pence gets dragged down too.  And congressional Republicans will follow the base.
What I'd like to see is some kind of omnibus anti-Trump Super PAC that will finance the primary campaign against current Republican Congressmen who refuse to impeach Trump. Either a sane anti-Trump republican, or a total loon. It doesn't matter.nobody has one yet... but it would only take a few million dollars and a few dozen targets (like Chaffetz) to strike the fear of god into them.
Secede...it's the only sane option.
Hell no, but I sure as shit will give money to any Republican primary opponent he might be facing.If the primary opponent is a SANE republican, Liberals win because the Republican Party became easier to work with.If the primary opponent is a MORE INSANE Republican, then he'll be easier to beat in the general.Its win-win.
Politicians dont care about their country, or their party... they care about re-election. Period.They will vote to impeach if doing otherwise would lead to their defeat.
His real base is around 15-20 percent of the actual people who voted for him. The others were independents and they do not like what they are seeing from what I gather here and on twitter. 
no, republicans cant win without independent voters, and they only voted trump because bernie got kicked and they hated hillary for it. 
It's not relevant
Yeah buddy, you're just a rational adult trying to have a conversation in good faith.  Go back to trolling twox
>smh what is your IQ, like 125? GTFO, sheep...>well I have one of the highest IQs ever recorded, so most of my jokes are way over almost everyone else's head....>note - my IQ is almost 190, that was a sarcastic joke...>shiiiiiiiiiiit boy, my IQ is 165, and even I cant think of anything...Wow. Just....wow.These are 4 comments of yours posted in 4 different threads within minutes of each other.You might be the saddest person I've ever heard of.
I think this is how the Star Trek TNG finale started...
That's true, but it's also true that Russia hacked the Republicans. So I'm not sure what to think. Maybe it's some of both: They've always marched lockstep, but some things have happened that were so egregious someone would have fallen out of formation by now, except whatever the Russians might have on them.
That's just a broader version of the argument I just presented. Razor thin margins, Christian Right has deeper affinity for Russia under Putin than many people realize, therefore GOP toes line with Russia  to not alienate Christian Right. I certainly wasn't arguing anything contrary to your point. But evidence of Christian Right seeing Putin's Russia as something to emulate is pretty fucking troubling. 
i'm referencing the server and the Russian bank - clear links with Russia and some of Trump's team - but i thought the server issue was shown not to be that strong a link.Could be wrong though
LOL, I hoped it was obvious.
When you're the President, they let you do it. You can do anything.
I fucking hope Pence goes down, along with Trump and higher ups in the house and senate. At the very least, Pence may have been covering for Flynn. I don't want to get my hopes up, but I can hardly wait for this to blow up. I hope that it's taking more time because they want 100% conviction in court. But I won't hold my breath. Accountability for our government officials is sorely lacking. Plus, there is usually a convenient scapegoat if someone has to get in trouble.
> SANE republicanI don't think there are any of those left.
> If the primary opponent is a MORE INSANE Republican, then he'll be easier to beat in the general.Careful, that's what we thought about Trump.
Polls suggest otherwise.  He still have 45% approval.
oh no, are you a writer?  https://www.reddit.com/r/RedditWritesSeinfeld/comments/5jykm1/george_falls_in_love_with_a_woman_who_turns_out/hope daddy doesnt forget his rent payment this month
whoosh
Well, the stakes are MUCH lower here. Worst case scenario is that a moderate Trump supporting senator gets gets outsted by a lunatic anti-Russia anti-Trump newbie. A crazy president can cause a lot of damage, but a crazy junior senator cant do squat on their own... except filibuster everything.And before you say Joseph McCarthy, keep in mind that McCarthy was just the front man and fall guy. McCarren was the guy pulling the strings.
Trump's disapproval rating has increased 6 points in the last 4 days, according to the poll. As of Jan. 28, about 51% of Americans polled disapproved of Trump, up from 45% on Jan. 22  six days prior to the most recent results. By contrast, about 42% approve of the job he's doing, a more moderate change compared to the 45% who approved of him on Jan. 22.http://fortune.com/2017/01/29/donald-trump-approval-rating-gallup/
Lol you look like such a petty dumbass it's hilarious.
I wish I was a writer, seems like a fun job
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Should be easy. He already is a loser.
Very insightful from Kasparov.>Still, the United States is not Russia; institutions are far stronger. Theyve just grown atrophied through lack of rigorous use, like an immune system that hasnt been under a direct attack in so long it cant respond to an infection. 
Alexander Bisley>What do you think of calls to impeach Trump?Garry Kasparov>Its a little early for that. Build a case, follow the money, track the conflicts of interest, the Russian connections, the family deals, etc. Screaming, impeach! every time Trump tweets something thats probably illegal or unconstitutional isnt a strategy.This shit right here. People need to make a bigger deal about what he's actually done and what he's doing in terms of direct corruption, rather than making calls for impeachment now. The calls for impeachment need to be dead serious and loud as fuck when they happen, not tepid and hopeful like they are now. Get something damning and real showing he took money from Russia or colluded to get elected. Then it doesn't matter who controls congress, they'll be forced to act.
0-1 vs Al Qaeda0-2 vs Court Systemi'd say we're off to a good startedit: spacing
That shouldnt be too hard.His botched yemen raid resulted in a dead navy seal, 30 dead civilians, and the al qaeda target still alive. It was so bad yemen revoked our permission to do ground raids in the country, crippling our ability to stop terrorists in the country.
I think you folks who are saying he's already a loser are missing the point. If this guy gets one brick laid of that stupid wall of his, that's a win. If Gorsuch gets through while winking menacingly in the direction of Roe v. Wade, that's a win. The next time there's a special election to fill a vacancy anywhere in the country in the post-Trump world and a Republican gets in, that's a win for him, too. Every time something like that happens, the possibility of his impeachment becomes increasingly more remote, and you don't want to know what happens if a guy like this makes it to the end of his term.The only way we get out of this mess is if he becomes an albatross, the way Bush was at the end of his second term. He needs to be radioactive. That doesn't happen as long as he can plausibly make the claim that he's racking up marks in the W column. Look at what they did to Obama. There's a reason the GOP never let him catch a break on anything, even when they agreed with him.
Don't need any help there. So far The Bastard Usurper and his regime have seen little success and many failures. I suspect this trend will continue. 
Good thing that's trumps achelies heel. Just look at him shake hands. He thinks you show confidence through dominance. He tells way more than he shows. It's pathetic. But then again, he's not a loser, he's the president, he call his *own* shots. You hear that world, *his own*.  
I honestly feel that SNL could save the world. 
I mean it's why TYT did 100 days worth of loser Donald segments before the election to try to defeat him, most people just complained about it, because they don't understand what gives facist there power is seeming like a winner. 
So, we just need to make sure he has access to his Twitter account or a microphone? Okie dokie!
President Trump's most effective political quality is his ability to make his opponents lose their minds. It worked against Jeb, it worked against Rubio, it worked against Cruz, it worked against Hillary, it worked against the media, it's working as well as ever against the Democrats trying to oppose him in Congress. What Trump's political opponents do not understand is that he's basically a troll. And they cannot stop feeding him.
Failing Kasparov thinks I'm a loser even though he lost to Deep Blue. Sad!
Him losing his case for the travel ban in the Supreme Court will be a good start.
Should be easy when he cooperates so readily.
I'm really happy Kmart and other stores are pulling trump merch from their shelves. We can't guarantee that Trump is a straight-up traitor - though Flynn and likely others (sec of state etc) are. We cannot tolerate sedition and Russian spies in our administration - they ALL got to go. In the meantime, we take trump down by laughing at him.
I find it funny that they titled it as top trump critic.One could also title it as Gary Kasparov, former best chess grandmaster in the world...the dude knows strategy. 
Being the destination of choice for so many of the worlds best and brightest has been a huge advantage, and anything that detracts from that brain magnet will hurt the US economically, including the workers who benefit from the startups and other jobs created by immigrants.Ask anyone who works in business immigration or business law.  The people we get as business immigrants are the most motivated, hardworking people from their countries of origin.  I feel sorry for the countries who lose these people to America.  That Trump is blocking us from taking these valuable personnel resources is both sickening and really stupid and short-sighted for America.  The best thing we could do to cripple countries we don't like is to entice away their best people.
Hillary, the MSM, Hollywood, and our schools, have all been trying and failing for a year. He continues to kick your ass.
Now I can mix business and pleasure!
[deleted]
> make him look like a losertrump is doing that all on his own, all we have to do is signal boost via social media/marches
I'm currently listening to Mr. Kasparov's book [Winter is Coming](http://a.co/iRLLiNl), and finding it very good so far. I mean, it's horrifying reading, considering the turn the United States has taken, but it's good homework if you're worried that Trump is trying to emulate Putin in the USA.Consider this little passage, written before Trump's rise. Kasparov references the [story of the Scorpion and the Frog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Scorpion_and_the_Frog), and then concludes:> Few humans are truly scorpionscomplete psychopaths. Since the end of the ages of monarchy and empire, rising through political ranks to the highest stations requires at least some subtlety and intuition. (North Korea is one of the few modern exceptions and the result is obvious.)What happens when someone rises through the political ranks to the highest stations _without_ subtlety or intution? To Mr. Kasparov, the results are obvious.
No loser. 
Makes me think of this http://i.imgur.com/M6805MU.png
I will do my part, for America.
Step 1. Get out of the way.   Step 2. Let Trump do his thang.
I swear all it is going to take is him tripping on some steps and having it caught on camera. Slow-mo gifs of the awkwardness will be his downfall. 
Lol. The dude is a loser why do we have to make that evident 
Well, this shouldn't be hard at all, then. He does this himself constantly. 
He is a loser. He has no friends. No one likes him. 
There is another component and that is political apathy in this country.
And how has criticizing Putin worked out?
He's doing that all by himself
he makes himself look like a loser.  all we need to do is call him on the stupid and unethical stuff he and his cabinet 'o losers pull.
Because Putin critics have been doing so well lately.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwfYTSdJ7kY
It's not hard.
He does that to himself frequently. 
He is manifestly a complete loser. Anyone mentally capable of recognizing it sees it already. The rest are lost to us.
He doesn't need anybody's help. He's doing a fine job on that front all by himself.
How could we possibly do that more effectively than Trump himself?How will he ever notice?Celebrities are our only hope!
President Toad. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Toad
Kasparov may oppose trump because trump is cozy with Putin, but Kasparov isn't that cool or clever in terms of politics and is friendly with American neocons moreso than American liberals
Shouldn't be hard, dude does it to himself on a daily basis.  
TIL: Donald Trump opposes Donald Trump
so.... who wants to start putting up posters of Trump with a loser stamp on his picture.  I feel we can really rattle seem cages with with even minor level trolling if it goes viral.
This is pretty much the agenda of this subreddit so carry on. ^^^^This ^^^^is ^^^^why ^^^^you ^^^^lost ^^^^the ^^^^election. 
Riots will only frighten the moderate middle you will need as allies sooner or later. If Trump convinces them with lies that the opposition is controlled by dangerous thugs, youre going to have eight years of Trump and another of his kind to follow. Stick to the facts, repeat them boldly and frequently, so his supporters see the would-be emperor has no bathrobe!The courts are important, but things wont really change unless enough Republicans start to see Trump as a liability to their fundraising and reelection chances. That could be quite soon if he cant fulfill his many campaign promises. Making him look like a loser is crucial.
How do we make him look like more of a loser when he pisses his pants everytime he hears the word Muslim?Here's a cowardly, incompetent little man.I'm not exaggerating and more people need to lock in on this.
I disagree...that would only invite ill-considered retaliation, which could have serious unintended consequences.Better to let him think he's winning...let him take credit for whatever successes he can find to brag about, and simply wait until there is a debacle large enough, that it cannot be ignored, spun, or distracted from...it *will* come.
Trump makes himself look like a loser every time he opens his mouth.  Every time he speaks I have two simultaneous reactions: I become depressed but also admire how dumb he is, like it's some kind of achievement.  The Donald is a really unique dumbass.  
He does a good job of that himself.
Done.  Next?
He's doing a pretty good job of that himself.
Someone needs to buy a web domain using Donald Trump's name and just keep adding links to the list of everything embarrassing he has ever done.
Well that shouldn't be difficult 
Oh look the [Rothschild henchmen kasparov](http://www.pay-palestine.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/kasparov-rothschild.jpg) doesn't like Trump nor Putin. The oligarchs are still mad about Putin handing back Gazprom to The Russian state and locking the thieving thugs behind bars.  
Vox?  really?   fake news.
Well he has done nothing but lose since taking office, so that should be easy. 
he seems to be doing a good job of it on his own. i mean, the liberal fake news is egging him on, but god damn. have some dignity, man. You didnt see obeezy tweeting in all caps about people (some still to this day) calling him a muslim sympathizer.
It's sad that it only took 8 years for the morons of the United States to forget that we had another horribly stupid Republican in the White House. While moron Bush wasn't quite as bad as moron Trump, he also came out with some fantastic one-liners. I know how hard it is to put food on your family We call it natural gas 'cause we find it in our neighborhoods I'm the decider, etc. I never thought that anything would cause me to wish for the 'good old days' of Bushwacker, but Trump makes him look like a genius!
Ok done. Now what?
Not to worry, we already have our country's top executive on it.
SNL are doing the work of patriots.
Kasparov seems so certain about what is the right thing to do, however, Putin is still very much in power, so how could he know what would work?
1. Mockery 2. Embarrassment3. Diminish (Make him look like a loser)
Is Putin critic an official title? How does one become a *top* Putin critic?
This is reaching deep levels of irony.  A bunch of sore losers calling a man who managed to become President of the most powerful nation on earth, a loser.That's about the level of honesty, truth, and self-analysis we've come to expect from the left. Everyone who disagrees with you lefties is ignorant or an idiot, right?  Thanks for the easy (W)s, but society would be a lot more fun if you were honest about who you are inside.
Pretty easy to do. You can start from day 1: Even when he won, he still lost.
This is the same guy who called for nuking Iraq. Why are these people being held up as heroes? Tons of better options for an anti Trump message.
>Top Putin criticwhat does that even mean
Just seems in poor taste but whatever..... gotta fight the power
Trump supporters think Putin's critics were put in their place...times have changed 
What if that makes him mad enough to go full hitler?
See if there's an Indivisible group in your area.Long-term planning is needed, so that these politicians can be voted out with *viable* alternatives elected.Short-term planning and actions are needed, to continue combatting actions by the Trump/Bannon agenda and their cohorts.Immediate actions, such as presence at town halls and protests, **constant** emails/phonecalls to YOUR representative (politicians don't care as much if you're not THEIR constituent), boycotting retailers supporting the Trump brands or Trump himself--with notice by email/phone as to WHY they're being boycotted, etc.  These must be ongoing AND, for protests where a physical presence is required over and over to maintain pressure, the protestors must be supported to avoid burnout.Decide which actions you're best suited for/most interested in, and *participate*!  This is your life, your future, your childrens'/granchildrens' lives, your governmental representation, your tax dollars.  
The real solution is to make him look like a loser - to his supporters, by ensuring that whatever makes them angry comes directly from him. You can ignore what other people say about him, but when he starts saying things they can't accept, his support will dwindle.
He does that all by himself
> The courts are important, but things wont really change unless enough Republicans start to see Trump as a liability to their fundraising and reelection chances. That could be quite soon if he cant fulfill his many campaign promises. Making him look like a loser is crucial. Either the GOP will turn on him or he will be chastened and more likely to compromise. If a demagogue succeeds in claiming credit for wins and scapegoating his enemies for losses, hes very hard to stop.This is the real 4D chess master!
Wow he's got a lot of guts, does he live in Russia? I'm surprised he hasn't accidentally killed himself and tied his dead body 
Considering the track record of Putin critics, please Democrats, please keep taking advice from perennial losers!
Liberals are following Putin's orders to a T
Um..1. Has that worked against Putin?2. Trump keeps 'winning' (except for the not yet done immigration ban).3. Seems to me the key would be to actually make him lose, instead of pretending that someone's who been pretty successful with their motives is a loser.Ppl are losing their fucking minds. The key to hearing Trump is by not being crazy.
That will be hard given he is a HUGE winner, unlike someone named Hillary causing a lot of butt pain...
> Should be easy. He already is a loser.I have a list for that!    He's totally not, like, an insecure loser, folks!    [Donald Trump had a scalp reduction.](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/10/24/documenting-trumps-abuse-of-women?mbid=social_twitter)    [Donald Trump doesn't know how to shake hands.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-handshake_us_589e1a10e4b094a129eafc3c?jz33bovtmxb5ku766r&)    [Donald Trump pretended to know Japanese during prime ministers visit.](http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/318019/president-trump-pretends-speak-japanese-during-prime-minister-abe-visit/?utm_campaign=Echobox&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Facebook#link_time=1486754150)    [Donald Trump is signing executive orders that he doesnt read or understand.](http://www.gq.com/story/donald-trump-is-signing-executive-orders-that-he-doesnt-read-or-understand)  [Donald Trump is uncomfortable that Sean Spicer was played by a woman on SNL.](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/melissa-mccarthy-sean-spicer-234715)[Donald Trump may have threatened to invade Mexico to root out the bad hombres.](http://time.com/4657474/donald-trump-enrique-pena-nieto-mexico-bad-hombres/)  [Donald Trump 'didn't realise he promoted Steve Bannon to National Security Council.'](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-steve-bannon-nsc-national-security-council-order-a7565191.html)  [Donald Trump doesn't have to attend his intelligence briefings because he's, like, a smart person.](https://www.salon.com/2017/01/30/im-like-a-smart-person-forget-inauguration-size-and-business-success-trumps-biggest-lie-is-about-his-intelligence_partner/)    [Donald Trump had to ask aides what the nuclear treaty with Russia was during his call with Vladimir Putin.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-new-start-russia-vladimir-putin-nuclear-treaty-phone-call-latest-a7572281.html)  [Donald Trump understands money better than anybody. He's way up on the economy when it comes to questions on the economy.](http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-campaign-finance-report-2016-6)[Donald Trump had to ask his national security advisor whether a strong dollar or a weak dollar was better for the American economy.](http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-called-mike-flynn-about-us-dollar-at-3-am-2017-2)  [Donald Trumps team could not find the light switches to the cabinet room in which they conduct their meetings, so they had their meeting in the dark.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-bannon-conway-meetings-light-switch-darkness-a7565136.html)  
But her eeeeeeeemails!
[America's **BIGGEST** loser](http://i.imgur.com/KQYdZYQ.jpg)
BLOTUS - Biggest Loser of the United States
Indeed.
Way to do Russia's bidding, leftists! Isn't that the thing everyone was complaining about Trump for?
He won a presidential election in the most powerful country in the world. Some loser.
>like an immune system that hasnt been under a direct attack in so long it cant respond to an infection.That's the ONE good thing I can see coming out of Trump. After he loses in four years, I'm HOPING that the next person that comes in puts more restrictions in place.LIKE MAKING IT SO THAT THE PRESIDENT CAN'T HAVE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST.Or showing their damn tax returns.It's fucking amazing that a lot of shit has depended on the fucking *honor system* and basic respect for the office, but obviously that can't be the case anymore.
Kasparov deserves every bit of respect in my eyes but we're still feeling the negative effects of the last Agent Orange.    Trump is by no means a natural disaster like a virus but a cancer created and evolved within our own DNA so the only cure might be to amputate the cancerous growth and all surrounding tissue that might be infected.
RAND's paper on the Russian [Firehose of Falsehood](http://www.rand.org/pubs/perspectives/PE198.html) Propaganda Model does a good technical explanation of what else helps.
I appreciated this bit:>America is finding out the hard way that much of its government is based on tradition and the honor system, and not explicit laws. There will be a crisis every day.
Trumpists talk about Trump playing chess? Kasparov is an actual world champion and chess grandmaster. Checkmate, fascists!
Thank you. The constant shit-storm of tweets and insults keeps the focus off what I believe may be the greatest transgression. That is the findings of our intelligence professionals confirming tRump's minions were in contact with Putin's team prior to the election and afterward. Any real *patriot* in this nation should be outraged by these findings and demand their elected officials immediately fund an independent investigation into these relationships. If a foreign nation was directed and assisted by members of a presidential campaign staff to impede a fair and just election, the US has far greater problems to address than KellyAnne doing commercials for Ivanka and tRump insulting our judiciary. 
>People need to make a bigger deal about what he's actually done and what he's doing in terms of direct corruptionProblem here is that Congress is the place that should be investigating this corruption but they have completely abdicated all responsibility because they only care about passing their conservative agenda. We need Congress to be holding investigations on this with half the vigor they used to investigate Benghazi. 
Good point.  Maybe enough evidence of corruption will come out to bring down Pence, Ryan, and McConnell too.  
I disagree. I think Trump should be impeached for smaller but very clear crimes, as well as his entire administration, including Mike Pence. Of course, the Russian treason plays a bigger picture in all of this and would be the smoking gun to dropping his entire admin.But Congress *needs* to send a message to all presidential hopefuls that playing fast and loose with the law is unacceptable. Cause as of right now, Trump has taken a giant shit all over US institutions,  broken the law and felonies on multiple counts, and so far has gotten rewarded for it.The next time we might be stuck with either turd sandwich or giant feces, and both think it takes Russian mega treason to get impeached rather than minor treason, that's a problem for US democracy.
0-1 Mexico0-1 Nordstroms
Popular vote 0-1 too for whatever that counts 
But he did 'win' by getting a bunch of losers appointed to his cabinet... or that might be a loss. Its hard to tell.
Unfortunately 1-0 against more than half of voters.
1-0 vs shilled subreddits. 
You realize Yemen essentially doesn't have a government? It's a failed state. Edit: Link below is fake news. There is no Yemen. Yemen is divided into factions. It's a tribal wasteland. 
Yep. Make sure everyone knows we paid for that fucking brick and he lied. Doesn't matter how 'cheap' it is. We paid for it, like suckers
Trump is a terror, but we can't forget the politicians who allowed his rise.In an  increasingly careless, narcissistic, no-accountability nation, the electoral slide to this crass man who has never been held accountable for his lies, his bottom-feeder language, his lack of ethics and his potentially illegal business dealings was virtually inevitable. We lowered the political bar to the point where even Trump could clear it when we allowed Bush, Cheney & Co. to instigate an illegal war in Iraq who have never been accountable for their actions.
That was how I read it. I'm gonna hold and squeeze your hand much longer than appropriate to show how intimidating I can be.Almost got into a fight with my boss about that sort of bullshit once. Don't fucking touch me, don't gently grab my shoulder and have a talk with me, don't stroke me with one hand and fuck me with your other. Just talk to me like an adult, cut the Bene Gesserit mind fuckery, it never works on me and only puts me on gaurd.
LOL That handshake with Shinzo. Dominance retracted.
Now that we know how he shakes hands, someone has to yank him hard next time. Asset dominance. 
Tonight's episode is going to be great 
Democrats...Republicans...Undecided...Alt Right.Long ago, the four factions left each other the fuck alone. But everything change when the alt right attacked.
nah. That explanation is stale 2016 bullshit. It's a new game now and the troll is shitting the bed. Governing ain't campaigning.
Just feed him until he bursts like that guy in Se7en.
Nah, this is legitimate incompetence. He's not a master troll. People think he is because our brains process He's an asshole better than He's an idiot.
clinton handled trump pretty well in general, she was extremely calm and dismissive which is exactly what was required
I make all the best chess moves. Put my knights on the rim, bing bing bing!
Better, they aren't doing it for political reasons, they are doing it because the shit doesn't sell.That's a damn shame...
You'd think kicking ass would come with a higher approval rating.  
I was about to come here and say something similar! He honestly does all the work himself so what do we really have to do but document it? XD
you're the loser!
Which will change when his policies begin to effect them.
I'm surprised we haven't seen Obama-style posters with DOPE beneath it.
Enough of this this is why you lost bullshit. What is that, some conservative talking point that's been circulated? The Democrats lost in no small part to vast swaths of Americans falling for years of Russian cyber propaganda and social engineering, combined with actual fake news from Fox/Breitbart. 
I'm sure the Russians, the 30 year long attack ad, and a candidate who resorted to personal attacks and catering to neonazis had nothing to do with it.Besides from the way shit is going it looks like he's the one losing.
Republicans looking up to Putin will never not be funny.
I'd figure then you guys would love them.
Winning what?  What has he won other that the election?  We've seen nothing but a string of public embarrassments.  He's currently having a bitch fit argument with a chain of department stores.  The man is pathetic.  
So huge that he lost by 3 million votes? He might have won by the rules of our wildly undemocratic system, but when it comes to his character he's a pure loser, just look at how often he throws twitter tantrums over he most inconsequential things.
Lol he's been a loser his whole life, he's just gotten where he's at through lies and his daddy's money.
Let's appreciate that you have these organized by sentence length.
Someone just pointed out that we need things like* His wife cheated on him* He has never driven a diesel truck or a motorcycle * He gets manicures once a week* He uses a bidet* He's never changed his own oil* His favorite sport is ice dancing* He sits down to pee* He's afraid of any dog over four pounds
It wasn't until reading this that I realized why Donald thinking he's already a smart person is why he doesn't attend *intelligence* briefings...
This is an impressive list, but my husband has maintained an interesting theory for a while, which is that people need to make him look *weak.* People like us laugh at bad hombres or not knowing about a strong dollar, but that's not what many of his supporters care about. He's seen as strong, ballsy, decisive and unapologetic.  That's why things like the One China policy backpedal need to be highlighted. He postured like he was going to use it as a bargaining chip, had no idea what he was talking about, then immediately backed down. That's a weak loser, not the strong negotiator people were sold. That needs to be played up.
I'd like to think Obama had the light switches rewired as a middle finger to Trump. 
> Trump was furious that a scalp reduction operation hed undergone to eliminate a bald spot had been unexpectedly painful. Ivana had recommended the plastic surgeon. In retaliation, Hurt wrote, Trump yanked out a handful of his wifes hair, and then forced himself on her sexually. Afterward, according to the book, she spent the night locked in a bedroom, cryingI shouldn't be laughing, but I can't help it. You had skin removed from your skull. wtf did you think was going to happen and how is that Ivana's fault?Edit: oh i misread that, says Ivana was crying (understandably). I thought it said Donny had been crying. Ok, urge to laugh is gone.
You're doing Gods work
Are these lines sorted by length on purpose?!
Saved. I can't believe the official Reddit app doesn't have a feature to save individual comments yet. 
You do such a great job with these maybe they should put you in charge of writing Trump's new one page memos.
You always deliver.
Friendly reminder he lost by 3 million votes.
https://www.salon.com/2017/01/30/im-like-a-smart-person-forget-inauguration-size-and-business-success-trumps-biggest-lie-is-about-his-intelligence_partner/This article, listing various quotes by Trump, claiming he's smart, made me realize he talks just like Amy and Samy Bouzaglo from Kitchen Nightmares. Here are some good examples:>To all of the Yelpers and Reddits: Bring it on. you are just pussies. come to arizona. you are weaker than my wife, and weaker than me. come to my business. say it to my face. man to man. my wife is a jewel in the desert. you are just trash. reddits and yelpers just working together to bring us down. pathetic.-Samy, on their company facebook page>Approximately 2 years ago these reviewers and these bloggers decided to make up lies and say that they ate the food and it was disgusting. And we lost a tremendous amount of business because of it. -Amy, Kitchen Nightmares  > ...and we stand strong together. We have to because there's a lot of online bullies, and haters, and bloggers. We stand up to them and I think we're the only ones that ever have as restaurant owners, and they come and try to attack us and say horrible things that aren't true...      -Amy, Kitchen Nightmares God help us all.
Fake
I keep reading this meme like Shaggy's wasn't me.
[BUTTER EMAILS](http://imgur.com/a/VdN0J)
Hands too big
World's
Yuuuuuugest! ftfy
BLOAT - Biggest Loser Of All Time
Once loser Trump is impeached, Russia's influence will weaken considerably.
Won.
He couldn't even get the most votes against Hillary. God that's gotta chap your asses.
I'd also like to see a mandatory psych evaluation for any candidate.  The GOP has ignored two presidents having Alzheimers now. 
The president is not the only thing that's broken. Congress needs to weaned off corporate sponsorship.
I'm more pessimistic than that. I don't think he makes it the full four years and Pence and company take over.  What happens then is that they will continue the same fascist agenda, only more competently and with the added cover of using Trump as a new bar and heat sink.  People will shrug and lose focus once Trump is gone and let the fascist parade continue.
Perhaps a compulsive basic literacy test for candidates !
> the only cure might be to amputate the cancerous growthSo, let the south secede, or force them to.
Obi-Wan once thought as you do.
Let's try radiation first.
Interesting link.>**Recommendations**>Forewarn audiences of misinformation, or merely reach them first with the truth, rather than retracting or refuting false facts.Prioritize efforts to counter the effects of Russian propaganda, and focus on guiding the propaganda's target audience in more productive directions.>Compete with Russian propaganda. Both the United States and NATO have the potential to prevent Russia from dominating the information environment.>Increase the flow of information that diminishes the effectiveness of propaganda, and, in the context of active hostilities, attack the means of dissemination.
But these issues are issues nontheless. Its not just about getting Trump impeached. The normalization of lies etc are gigantic also. You cant just tell people to be strategic about their reactions and outrage. Journalists and politicians arent even able to handle this sort of personality perfectly, Clinton fucking failed at it. Its a constant barrage of crazy and true headlines, they deserve to be reacted to and at some point people will be too tired. Thats how it will go and you cant expect common people to act differently. Its hard to reach Trump supporters. Most live in their personal bubbles powered by facebook, fox and borderline facism. Its causing alot of confusion because criticism and reason just does not have an effect. Its impossible to handle this perfectly, and this exactly is a symptom for the problem we are facing. Dont downplay the situation with high horse comments.
The mere fact that he's fighting with Nordstrom is pathetic. Can you imagine Obama at war with a chain of department stores?
0-3 or 4 SNL
0-1 China
To trump it probably matters about as much as his inauguration crowd sizes.
One bought and paid for, One requested by Russia, One universally considered to be a racist, One batshit crazy and under investigation for treason already, Several of them with severe conflicts of interest that have lied in their hearings.  Oh, and General Mattis who is either harboring some dark secret or already slowly backing out of the room.
Your winning President is still losing again and again.
you mean The_D?  yeah.  easiest D yet
yep, I just cashed my Soros check yesterday. Did you forget to go to the signup link or something? Damn, Reddit. At this rate, we're gonna be fucking millionaires!Or, I don't know. Maybe the majority of people really just don't enjoy Mr. Tiny-Hands' bigoted bizzaro world? A shocking reality, I know. Soros billionaire money *must* be responsible. 3 million illegal votes! Bowling Green! Pizzagate!
How does that change anything? Are you denying a navy seal was killed, 30 civilians were killed, and the al qaeda target is still alive? It was a failure.
[Angry at the civilian casualties incurred last month in the first commando raid authorized by President Trump, Yemen has withdrawn permission for the United States to run Special Operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups in the country, according to American officials.](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0)
That's funny, that's exactly what Trump says about Iraq.
And who is keeping it that way? Our buddies Saudi Arabia, who have been deliberately targeting Yemeni civilians and infrastructure to cause the state to fail.
A relative did that to me.  That narcissist squeezed my hand and wrist to the point of pain just to say Im here for you.  How insecure is someone where they have to cause pain to be noticed?
Someone pulls this kind of shit with me I instantly think they're trying to sell me something.
I've had bosses clap me on the shoulder. I had one who did that and my response was I was about to deck you. Part of me thought it unwise to threaten my boss with physical force, but I held strong. Luckily the message was clear; don't sneak up behind me and grab me.
Or just straight dead fish. How does he handle someone not playing the game?  Or that little handshake from middle school where you tickle the other person's hand. 
Like putting too much air in a balloon!
That message brought to you by the laughable dupes who believed Hillary had a 99% chance of winning by a landslide.In the last few years, Dems have lost 900+ state legislature seats, 12 governors, 69 House seats, 13 Senate seats, and one POTUS election. And you're gullible enough to call that winning.You're going to lose even more seats in the mid terms, and the GOP will take super majority, and you'll still be clueless. Trump will stroll unopposed to reelection, and you'll still be clueless.Enjoy your hilarious nonsense polls though.
It's adorable you feel that way. Carry on. 
Looking to top Putin critics for advice would be like beating the UConn Women's team by getting advice from the 98 teams that all lost to them
hard to love people who are trying to nullify an election
Um, why do you think I put quotes around winning? Just for fun?
**lost** by 3 million- WRONG. Still won.  **wildly undemocratic system** I didn't hear anyone complain about it when it worked in your sides favor.   I will never not be amused by liberal logic. 
OK, so he is a WINNER but he throws tantrums on Twitter so when it comes to character he is a loser?
Pretty telling that most, if not all of these are from the last 3 weeks.
r/mildlyinteresting
With aesthetic flair like that, president Steve Banon is going to have /u/MaximumEffort433 designing his uniforms pretty soon!
Their username checks out
/r/oddlysatisfying
I found myself drifting off in thought the other night and wondered if Donald Trump has ever set foot in a forest.  I really don't think so.
>He sits down to peeIs the best one on the list because it challenges his basic sense of masculinity.   
Well he *is* afraid of stairs, we've got that.
> He sits down to peeThat's the German genes at work. And let's not hate on the bidet, those things are fucking awesome and should be everywhere.
All of this, but it needs to be coordinated. Simple, constant repetition is how narratives are controlled. Honestly, people just need to pick one i.e. Remember, Donald Trump can't change a tire or Remember, Donald Trump is a Russian puppet (more important imo) and repeat it at the end of every post, comment and status update you make. Regardless of what you were even talking about to begin with. Eventually it enters the mass consciousness and people begin to think Donald Trump -> Russian puppet whether they interned to or not.
Ice dance is magical and the Shib sibs are a national treasure, but I get your point.
> He gets manicures once a weekI'm a straight guy and manicures are pretty fire.>He uses a bidetYou should try it. Toilet paper is bullshit.>He sits down to peeI can't read reddit while standing to piss now can I?
Here's an article you might get a kick out of:    [19 things Donald Trump knows better than anyone else, according to Donald Trump](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/04/17-issues-that-donald-trump-knows-better-than-anyone-else-according-to-donald-trump/?utm_term=.2cc9214a47f9)    Including such classics as:    >I know more about renewables than any human being on Earth.    And:    >I think nobody knows more about taxes than I do, maybe in the history of the world. Nobody knows more about taxes.    Plus many more!
He's not wrong. Trump is the worst kind of sore loser: he can not even admit to losing. It's why, during the election, he claimed the system was rigged: a guy like him can not possibly lose unless the other side is cheating. He has no problem attacking the very foundations of our democracy to make himself look better.
Nah. He wouldn't need to. Trump and his sycophants are truly that stupid.
He's a narcissist, so nothing is his fault. And since he couldn't beat up the surgeon, he obviously had to rape his wife.
Because it looks better.
I'm on Android so I don't know if it's different on iOS, but I just hold down on the comment for a minute and an extra menu comes up and it has the option to save individual comments. 
Thirty minutes or less, or your snark is free.
Can you name any specific thing wrong with any of these?
Hacker came in and he caught me red-handedCreeping with Putin next doorPicture this, we were both butt nakedPeeing with a Russian whoreHow could I forget that I hadGiven an encryption keyAll this time he was standing thereGetting Kompromat for free
It's an easy excuse.  *But her Wall St ties, neo-liberalism and warmongering* doesn't have the same vibe.Bank robber: omg, what's the big deal?  20 years for stealing some paper, wtf?
It's like that it's always sunny episode he's wearing special gloves to make his hands look bigger
How can you be sure Trump will be impeached?
Impeached...for what? What are people saying he's totally gonna get impeached for this time? We're on the 5th reason or something like that, you know?
>I'd also like to see a mandatory psych evaluation for any candidate.That's also a good idea.
Anyone can fail an evaluation, unless you're talking about a CT.
I feel like people might be getting lost in the weeds of mental health and how variable that is. Surely we could construct a basic test of Presidential fitness which was an objective, unchanging standard of can you remember and understand basic facts.Like, your post is about Alzheimers, but people are pretending it's about the fact that Trump is an unbelievable narcissist. You can't really disqualify people based on some guy's opinion of if you're an asshole (or whatever), but you can and should say Hey, I'm the guy from that independent Presidential health committee, we had a public briefing about some key points about national security 3 weeks ago, now here again in public without your aides, can you just go ahead and tell me what they were?or If all grumps are bumps and some bumps are shrumps, are all grumps shrumps?Testing basic reasoning and memory shouldn't be hard to do objectively.And that's not even getting into the realm of things we should expect all presidents to know, like...basic American history and function of government...
Remember when the *campaign* was the psych evaluation and we were the ones who signed off on it? How did that stop working?
> I'd also like to see a mandatory psych evaluation for any candidate.And a drug test.
honestly that's too open to abuse. If it's public it could be twisted into things it isn't in the media, if it's private it encourages wild speculation.
Lol, this is veering close to Hillary has a degenerative neuronal disorder territory. 
That too, yeah.
I think that Pence might be implicated in this Russia thing. If he wasn't, you'd think that he would be more outspoken with opposing what 45 has said about Russia/Putin to distance himself in the public eye so if there's an impeachment, he doesn't get sullied by proxy.The one we probably have to watch out for in your scenario is Ryan. He could win a reelection more easily than Pence, too.
Hey man, there are a lot of bright blue spots in the south.Although if Texas did secede, the GOP would have almost no chance at all of getting another president elected.
This is the exact kind of rhetoric that Kasparov is urging against. As hard and frustrating as it may be, we need appeal to the moderate middle, and not advocate for rhetoric as divisive and conflicting as trying to force secession. Ultimately we need to have compassion for the people who reached out to Trump.
I seriously cannot see an alternative than secession for the large sectors of our country that do not share ideals of democracy. Since the civil war, the anti liberalism attitudes have just swell and grown under the surface and are manifesting in things like the alt right. Even if democratic values squash this current of authoritarianism, these folks are not going to disappear. They'll either go underground or will be unstoppable until civil war errupts. We create amnesty programs for people that want to live in liberal states and let those that support alt right values have their own island, win win. 
Naw fuck that, not unless we get to keep New Orleans, Austin, Atlanta, and all of Florida but the panhandle.
But how?    The cancer has the radiation codes.
Inoculate like the flu, changing as the 'alternative facts' change.
I am not trying to downplay anything, nor were my comments high horse. Think about this from a Bannon strategy perspective. A daily controversy distracts everyone who is concerned. It's much easier to pull underhanded crap when people are distracted, it's the art of the con. If there *was* a serious transgression regarding the election, the best way to take the attention off something they know could get them indicted is to keep the controversies coming daily. I don't think they expected the pushback they are receiving, but they know the game. They have no conscience and will do just about anything to win.
I still can't believe that Trump is our President. It's the last thing I think about before I go to sleep and the first thing I think of when I wake up. It's not healthy. 
Barry Vs. Lane Bryant......I don't know why I suddenly want to see that.
ha ha yes!
And simultaneously 0-1 Taiwan.
So its the most important thing in the history of time?
Call them out, in a joking manner, on the insecurity they just proved to have. Something as simple as, It's like you're clinging on for dear life! Haha.The act has to be openly acknowledged as socially awkward to shame them from continuing their behavior. The more people to see the interaction, the better.What Trump needs is a respected world leader to call him out for it in front of the press. Just a friendly joke that Trump can't react negatively to without coming off as being even more clearly insecure.Abe sort of did this, with the face he made after. But, not effectively enough, IMO. It'd work perfectly if someone like Trudeau joked about it.     
Give him the cutoff.Grab his fingers and shake his hand from that. Immediately sets the tone that you're a step ahead. It'll DESTROY his ego.
Because if you don't agree with it, it must be fake.  Care to tell me at what store you bought your crystal ball, by the way?  
I will, thanks! :D
Yet still...
> Seems to me the key would be to actually make him loseI didn't even pay attention to the quotes, but your whole comment is insinuating that he's been nothing but successful.
>still wonYes but not the popularity contest.Which is apparently what truly matters. Nobody likes him!
> lost by 3 million- WRONG.Are you one of those nuts who thinks there was massive voter fraud?>wildly undemocratic system I didn't hear anyone complain about it when it worked in your sides favor.I don't have a side because I vote for individuals, but when was the last time a democrat won the electoral college and lost the popular vote?
Even though he *literally* won the election, he's a loser. You know the kid who always got picked last? Who never got invited to parties? Who would scream for his teacher/coach/mom whenever things didn't go his way? *That's* how Trump is a loser.
Oldest one on there is from when he raped his wife in '94, the rest are pretty recent.
Maybe right before he ordered the bulldozers to make way for some gold-plated monstrosity of a hotel.Actually never mind, he probably pointed at it from the Trumpcopter^(TM).
I'm sure he's at least looked in the direction of [Donald J. Trump State Park](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_J._Trump_State_Park).https://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/03/03/trump-state-park-to-close-trump-displeased/
Bruh, how else am I supposed to get distracted and reddit efficiently?
That Alzheimer's dementia will cause that. 
Agreed. If trump is doing one thing right, it's using a bidet. 
>I am a person that used to be establishment when I'd give them hundreds of thousands of dollars. But when I decided to run, I became very anti-establishment, because I understand the system than anybody else.If the past three weeks have been any indication, he has no fucking idea how the government works. 
Relevant username
I think/hope that was satire
Wasn't Me.I like you.
Where your response is what's the old Soviet Union propaganda training, and Adam Savage mentioned the other day, is [Whataboutism](https://youtu.be/tOPacgIAOuE?t=14m15s).> [Whataboutism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism) is a term describing a propaganda technique used by the Soviet Union in its dealings with the Western world during the Cold War. When criticisms were levelled at the Soviet Union, the response would be What about... followed by the naming of an event in the Western world.[1][2] It represents a case of tu quoque (appeal to hypocrisy),[3] a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent's position by asserting the opponent's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position, without directly refuting or disproving the opponent's initial argument.
Warmongering and Wall St. ties, you say?Good things those aren't in the White House! Oh...wait.
> neo-liberalismoh god a capitalist in the white house, the country would surely collapse!
Those are all preferable to a fascist cleptocracy, and an incompetent one at that. 
*Attempted Murder* what is that? They don't give out Nobel Prizes for attempted chemistry! 
Oh looks like I dropped my extra large gloves for my magnum hands!
Because I don't think he'd resign.
If you're familiar with grounds for impeachment then why are you asking me?
As a transsexual person who have had to deal with the doctor knows best style psychiatry, in a country which did not adhere to the WPATH standards, I'm going to respectfully disagree. You think it would stop somebody like Trump. In practice it would likely end up becoming a tool to disqualify somebody like Bernie. 
Not sure about that. Psychiatry is not really an exact science. You can't measure someone's mental health and put an objective number on it. That makes it incredibly easy to get away with dishonest or biased evaluations. Look at the statement Trump got his doctor to write, saying he would be the healthiest president ever. All it takes is throwing a bit of money at someone or any other kind of conflict of interest.
Let's go further:1) No conflicts of interest for the president and any immediate family members, even by marriage.2) A full 10 year financial disclosure of any/all tax returns of the candidate and their spouse along with a snapshot of all financial holdings (investments, real estate, etc.) on the day they accept the nomination.3) A 2 day comprehensive medical workup that includes physical and psychological examinations, performed by 3 Naval doctors at Walter Reed and a full report made public.That would be real transparency.
No, not anyone could be misdiagnosed with Alzheimers.Reagan had serious mental degradation in his second term, the GOP ignored it.  Now Trump most certainly has lost his mental faculties as he approaches the end, and the GOP is ignoring it.
To be fair, most Americans are so religious that they can't see delusion when it's right in front of them.
> I think that Pence might be implicated in this Russia thing.I doubt it.  He came to the campaign relatively late in the game so at best he's only an accessory after the fact.  The reason he's toeing the White House line now is probably the same reason everyone is: Trump demands 100% fealty and they want to stay as long as they can.Ryan has little hope of winning a statewide election, much less a national election, without Russian help. WI is one of the more gerrymandered states and Ryan's in a safely GOP district.  He'd have a hard time winning anything that wasn't rigged for him.
Yes, but not reacting to the smaller insane stuff is also bad. Its not as simple as you made it out to be.    I think we need to care alot making for a sane atmosphere and start at the basics which is criticizing these constant facist strategies, denunciations, attacks, denials and lies. If we start letting things slip through too much nothing will make sense anymore and people will lose their grip entirely. Essentially: Feet first. Dont blame people if they cant reach stuff with their hands when they have fallen to the ground.    And we need to address these trends of ideology that are brought up in the west. We have demonized nazis in the past because of the horrors they commited, but we also need to deal with the ideologies at some point. We cant keep tolerating hardcore nationalism and fearmongering. Its fucking chaos otherwise. I would start with a democratic socialist stance against nationalism in the face of poverty in the us. work your way towards the irrationality in the rightiwng propaganda and the lack of policy. point out the hypocricy of their former calls for small government and spending and how they now try to control peoples lives and waste money on stupid shit, how they dont care about spending the money on actual people and the suffering and instead blame boogiemen like illegals who are actually leaving the country. democrats were attacked for being close to industry people, which was just them mistaking competence and policy making with it, and now trump has filled positions with psycho billionares that wont give a fuck. they are trying to control the situation with chaos and simple nationalistic propaganda and goals and anger. It will lead to a clusterfuck. Diplomacy and Compassion will bring the common man what he needs, not this fucking crazy personality cult. kim jong un builds monuments all the time and his people are fucking suffering. why waste 30 billion on an entirely useless wall when the country actually needs that money. Why trust a conman who cant even read a paragraph on a piece of paper when you ask him and not those that actually want to help you with actual policies.     sorry for that rant. ima go to bed now. 
I'm actually getting physical stress symptoms.  I thought it wasn't related until it pretty much vanished when the 3-0 ruling came down.  There have already been stories about it effecting productivity in the work environment.Trump is bad for everything.
I'm right there with ya, buddy. My first thoughts everyday are automatically how do we take this fucker out?? 
The person has had NPD their entire life.  Virtually any contact made them think they were doing things right.  It wasn't untiI cut them off legally that they understood they cannot ever see me again.  They still think they're right though, but I don't care.  Watch out for the phrase I was trying to help them. Its a red herring.
You realize that all your Fake News polls declaring Hillary the victor months ahead of the election are a major reason why she lost right? You all swallowed the propaganda blindly and without question, and that kept Dems home on election day. And you're still swallowing it, blindly, and without question.We're all very lucky that you on the left are so incapable of learning from your mistakes. You're going to win your way to giving America a 7-2 Conservative SCOTUS. And you'll still have no clue what's actually going on around you.It's okay kittuhlu. Congrats on all your winning. You've got Trump right where you want him. Keep telling yourself that.
Yes, he has been successful by his metrics and the metrics of his supporters. Durrr. Except for, as I said, the immigration ban being overturned. And that fight obviously isn't over yet. In addition, it's early days. As actual results of what he does start to come in, that may change.Basically, you simply don't like facts.Putin, also, is successful at achieving his goals. Which going back to the main point of this article, means that the advice hasn't worked so well.Or is Crimea once again part of the Ukraine again?Don't be delusional. Delusions won't help defeat Trump. And you're being delusional by denying the facts that he has been signing those executive orders and he and his party are in control of the government. I mean, Dems couldn't even stop Betsy guns in school to kill deer whateverherlastnameisanfimnotevensurethatsherfirstname How is that not successful?PS, the quotes didn't mean he wasn't successful. It was to say his metrics of winning, I.e. how he defines winning.
No it's a simple fact- you lost. If you hadn't, your individual would be in the White House.   And I seem to remember Bill Clinton losing the popular vote and somehow ended up in the White House.  System seemed to work perfectly fine then. 
So being a loser is in fact not the opposite of being a winner but being special/whiny?
Shhhh, it's not rape it they're married. A wife should be submissive to her husband./sno but seriously. you're in pain, your wife is upset and in pain because you ripped a chunk of her hair out. who gets an erection from that? creepy mofos, thats who.
I can't even tell if that's a typo or what he actually said. 
Lol at Wall street ties. I swear to god, it's like calling her an orange, balding, limp-dicked moron. Like, uh, who does that best apply to at the moment? 
Because I'm curious what people are saying now. My point of we're on the 5th reason is that people have been saying this for a while now, and nothing has happened. He has not been impeached for anything thus far, despite numerous threats and outcries for it. So...what do you know that others don't?
> In practice it would likely end up becoming a tool to disqualify somebody **like Bernie**....How?
Two different types of testing are being conflated. Cognitive testing is usually done by a neurologist or family physician in response to concerns about neurological decline (like in the case of alzheimer's).It involves stuff like having them count backwards by 7s from 100, draw shapes, do simple math, etc. It's basically simple cognitive evaluation and there really isn't much room for subjectivity.Psychiatric evaluations are for mental illness which is just an entire clusterfuck of subjectivity and shitty science. This is coming from an LGBT M.D. Please don't be against cognitive testing because the psychiatrists are insane. They really are very different things.[This is cognitive testing](http://www.heartinstitutehd.com/Misc/Forms/MMSE.1276128605.pdf)I've dealt with a lot of dementia. I assure you, Trump's Alzheimer's is so hilariously obvious he'd fail pretty hardcore on the above link I posted. I think we can all agree if you have trouble completing the above mental status exam you are in absolutely no position to lead the free world. 
I've only just heard of WPATH from reading your comment. I always assumed that the APA were one of the most rational/level-headed associations around. Could you explain some of the WPATH standards that the APA does not adhere to? Why is this a problem?I don't have the time to read up on it at the moment, but I'll get around to it later tonight. I would also love to read some personal opinions and experiences from people who have dealt with these issues firsthand, if you have the time!
*Mental Health Evaluation* is pure bullshit, especially when politics would fuck it over.  Anything other than physical proof would just be argued over two presidential terms anyway.
> he approaches the endWe hope. We wait.
Trump has lost his mental facilities? No, I think this is just how he always has been. 
In the article, Kasparov also says that the everyday things should be fought and reacted to as well. He says that you should firmly call out the President on his lies, just don't amp up the rhetoric to 11 until the moment when it will be most effective. Don't call for Trump's impeachment until you are dead serious and there is a case that can be won.
I liked how Colbert put it. The presidency is supposed to age the president, not the public.His constant fuckups would be fine if he were still a reality TV guy, but when you have to treat the leader of the free world with white gloves like an ADHD child. When the President of the United States would rather peruse the White House curtain catalog and import brocade couches rather than read intelligence briefings and [national security memos](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-president-reportedly-doesnt-read-memos-thats-a-huge-problem_us_589f1b6de4b094a129eb6ed6). When Mr. Tinyhands defers the detailed and thought-intensive questions to people like Steve Bannon who in no uncertain terms has said [Im a Leninist](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/08/22/steve-bannon-trump-s-top-guy-told-me-he-was-a-leninist.html), I want to destroy the state, and thats my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down...The implications are super stressful. At least weed's legal in a lot of places now. A small silver lining to the next 4 years.
People with NPD, from what I've seen, are still deeply insecure. You win by ignoring what they're saying while grinding away at their insecurities. Or, you win by not playing, which is more effective. We're not in the position to stop playing and walk away.Trump's Believe Me is your acquaintance's I was trying to help them. 
I didn't say I was winning at all.  I was as shocked as anyone when Trump won.  Though from the popular vote, it's clear that the polling wasn't wrong, it was just done in the wrong places and so was useless.  Are you going to always dismiss anything negative about Trump as fake news?  Sounds like you're willing to be just as blind as you think I am if that's the case. 
Holy hell, you think signing EOs makes him successful?  It makes him an idiot that doesn't know what they're for, or how they work.  Regardless your comments are a bunch of gibberish, and you're supporting a loser that's embarrassing his country.
I didn't vote for Hillary champ. And no, Bill didn't lose the popular vote, he won a *plurality* (the first time) but not a majority, there's a difference.
Are you not aware that words can have separate and distinct meanings? 
If that was the goal, and they negotiated it in advance, consent was given, etc, then it's fine and not creepy. Some people get off on being hurt and upset.It's that whole consent thing again. Limbaugh was right.
The same guy who puts 12 year old girls on his ten year planThe same guy who would purposely walk in on underage girls at his pageants to see them getting undressed.The same guy who said the thing him and his daughter most have in common is Sex while she said BusinessThe same guy who molests women by grabbing them by their genitalsAnd we knew about all of it ahead of time.  It's funny my friend was trying to convince me of Pizza gate when our current president is an admitted rapist with pedophillic and incestous tendencies.
He's been president for just over three weeks. Just how quickly do you think impeachment occurs?
The same way you hold never-ending Benghazi hearings and demand Obama produce his long-form birth certificate, that's how. There is no need for it to be sensible in any way, but once you grant the power to do it, it will be abused by the same people who said Guantanamo is not on American soil, so it does not count.. 
It's the same reason why FDR hid the extent of his polio from the people. If the people found out he was getting more sick, it would have destroyed the campaign of one of the most successful presidents your country has ever seen.
He SO obviously has Alzheimer's. It's incredibly obvious. He's almost a textbook case. 
Exactly, it's a good idea in theory but also unenforceable due to HIPPA laws
Absolutely not. Any interview 10+ years back shows a completely different man. He used to be coherent.
> At least weed's legal in a lot of places nowAbout that: Sessions promised to prosecute and shut it down.
There are two types of narcissists:  Grandiose narcissists and vulnerable narcissists.  The grandiose is the one we typically think of:  The guy with the inflated sense of ego that looks down on everyone else.  They genuinely think they are special and they attempt to convince everyone else of that reality.A vulnerable narcissist is the opposite.  Their narcissism is driven by deep-seated insecurities.  They don't want to convince others they're amazing people deserving of adoration.  They want others to convince *them* they're amazing people deserving of adoration.  One is driven by ego and a sense of superiority, the other by seeking approval.The unfortunate thing in this case is the two are very hard to tell apart because the outward actions appear very similar.  It's very easy for people to mistake a vulnerable for a grandiose and see them as some sort of alpha by not looking past their words. I'm sure we've had grandiose presidents in the past.  It's the sort of job to attract that mentality.  But a vulnerable?  I'm no psychologist, but I think it'd be a nightmare scenario to be brought out of your bubble, have a spotlight aimed at you, and have a portion of the country constantly confirming all your deep-seated fears of not being liked nor being the best as you desperately want to be seen as.
The polling was completely wrong, and intentionally wrong, with selective sampling specifically designed to create the impression that Trump was failing. The popular vote advantage for Hillary all came from the same California welfare plantations. Everybody knew California was Hillary's, and it doesn't explain the pollsters getting the electoral predictions completely wrong.You fell for it then, and you're falling for it now.I'm not a leftist living in an echo chamber safe space kittuhlu. Conservatives cannot exist in this culture without being confronted by counter ideas from our MSM and Hollywood and our schools. You realize that Bush's *lowest approval ratings ever* were not because the left opposed him? It was because Conservatives aren't blind followers and he lost support from the right.Trump will likewise be held to account by Conservatives. Right now he's following through on all his promises and Conservatives are thrilled. Fake News has flushed their credibility down the toilet, according to sentient people with the slightest bit of actual awareness factored in to their opinions.Vox is an absolute joke my friend. Wake up.
Yes, it makes him successful in his goals... What's so hard about this to understand?And I'm supporting who??? Rather you're just one of those crazy people I first mentioned. Someone who's weak mentally and allows their emotions to override their reality.
For those not in the know:    >RUSH LIMBAUGH: You know what the magic word, the only thing that matters in American sexual mores today is? One thing. You can do anything, the left will promote and understand and tolerate anything, as long as there is one element. Do you know what it is? Consent. If there is consent on both or all three or all four, however many are involved in the sex act, it's perfectly fine. Whatever it is. But if the left ever senses and smells that there's no consent in part of the equation then here come the rape police. But consent is the magic key to the left.   Go ahead and think about that for a moment, reddit.
> The same guy who said the thing him and his daughter most have in common is Sex while she said BusinessCringed too hard. Think my face is stuck like this. Thanks Obama.
With the way people have been screaming it?
True. You raise a good point. In another life the argument could have been made that the discretion of the American electorate acts as a sort of psychological test.
At first I thought that you were just being one of those Bernie is a perfect angel who would have definitely won in a landslide and everybody was just mean to him people, but you raise a really good point.Psych evals, IQ tests...it's not like measuring blood sugar. They're subjective, based off of what a bunch of people think they know about the human psyche. And throughout history, our internal biases have played a part in what we think we know about that, and it's reflected in the tests, even if just a little. It's giving a group of people the power to say that other groups of people are correct. It's hard to really hold that kind of power accountable.
Also if that sort of thing existed it would probably have been used against JFK because he was Catholic and Bernie because he was an atheist Jew. I could see a Christian right majority simply using it to disqualify people based on beliefs not aligning and therefore proving an immoral character in their mind.
I agree. It's a mechanism that's too exposed to potential distortions and abuses. In short: The republicans would game it beyond reason.
What does that have to do with a **psych** evaluation?
He actually is a great textbook case to show people what the decline from mild cognitive impairment to full blown dementia looks like so they can watch for it in their elderly family members. That's why this really can't go on for a full four years or even an abbreviated two. By the time the first state of the union comes, he will  be unable to deliver the address even with a teleprompter. 
I don't believe this for a second. Eight years ago he was saying Obama is a Muslim from Kenya.
I won't hold my breath waiting for him to be held accountable by you or anyone else screeching fake news in every other breath.  good luck with your winning.  
I've read that quote at least 100 times since he said it, and I just still don't understand his frame of mind in saying that.... its just so crazy. So. Crazy.
The rape police = the actual police, in this case. That's who comes when someone gets raped, as in, no consent.These fucking people.
I... Don't know what context is here, or what he's trying to imply... But I'd like to take this opportunity to inform everyone here that consent can also be revoked at any time during sex. If a partner says Stop or No, I don't like this. or something along those lines, then consent has been revoked.This is a part of the No means no laws in California, just to clarify (Though imho, it's basic understanding in how not to be a steaming pile of shit). Please reply to this comment if I'm incorrect in any way, or if I'm missing something. TL;DR: If a partner tells you to stop at any point during sex, you need to stop, immediately.
Is... is that supposed to be a bad thing? What's the context here? Is Rush implying that's a bad thing?I'm really confused... of course consent is the key. Literally anything is OK if everyone involved is freely consenting...
Your line of questioning is moot. If you think he'll be impeached, then I don't know why you're asking me anything. And if you think you know reasons he'll be impeached, then I don't know why you're asking me anything.
Hell, Obama's eval would've claimed he was a Muslim.
I would hope a psych eval is followed by a physical one as well.
Wow, that fast of a decline? That's more than I was expecting!
coherent =/= not being a racist dick
He's always been an asshole, and maybe not so bright, but his speech has really deteriorated over the past 15 years. He didn't word salad, his vocabulary was bigger, and he didn't repeat himself so frequently within a few sentences. There's been a pretty noticeable decline.
No I mean he could put a coherent sentence together.  He used to be able to speak English.
Notice your brainwashing won't allow you to acknowledge my point about GWB?What you'll do is blindly swallow weak propaganda from sources like Vox and stand around stunned with a shocked look on your face when Dems get crushed in the mid terms and Trump strolls to reelection in 2020.
> I just still don't understand his frame of mindEasy. Addled by a ferocious opiate high.
He's calling the left hypocritical for being against rape but not against homosexual or group sex which he sees as morally equivalent.
You shoot ONE guy in cold blood and, oh, here come the murder police.
Respecting a sexual partner's wishes?    You must be a liberal.    
Yes, Rush is implying that consent should not be necessary. He's kind of a piece of shit.
No, I mean, you're example is of a **physical** ailment.I was just confused why you made that as an example when the conversation is about a psych eval.
[This week's presidential address from Trump](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSew1jkb_40)Watch him very closely. Watch his eyes. Notice how every couple of minutes the video glitches out from being spliced together. Yeah, RIGHT NOW Trump can't even read from a teleprompter coherently for more than a few minutes, he absolutely can not handle a full state of the union.It's not really that his decline is so rapid, it's that he's already pretty impaired. There was a flurry of articles about his potential dementia after the debates because it was the one place during the campaign he couldn't hide. Then Hillary's e-mails got riled up again and people forgot. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can we invite somebody from t_d to explain the specifics of the Massacre? Body count, what weapons, etc?
Most Donald Trump supporters voted for a D-listed celebrity to be President.
If Alex Jones thinks that Bowling Green happened and Sandy Hook didn't, what kind of alternate reality are we in?
I mean this is the pizzagate crowd, the same folks who thinks Obama is a Kenyan Muslim founder of ISIS, that global warming is a hoax from China, Mexico is giving away free walls, unemployment is at 42%, and 3-5 millions illegally voted for Clinton.These idiots will believe anything.
years from now this will be a useful indicator for societal interactions.  Like in jury selection you can just ask the panel to raise their hands if they ever considered themselves a Trump Supporter at which point you will know that facts are less important than spooky stories for them.   
**Believe**------------- Bowling Green Massacre      Total shutdown on ~~all Muslims~~ People Chosen By ~~The Donald~~ Obama     Great Trade Deal with China Whove Been Raping Our Economy     Wall *(paid for by Mexico)*      Breitbart    Fox News     Goldmans     Jerry Falwell     Betsy DeVos    Sean Spicer     Swamp Draining     Great Negotiator    **Dont Believe**-------- Judiciary     Science      Russian aggression    *(anything he doesnt want us to believe)*   
Dinosaurs were on Noah's Ark - Earth is Flat and only 6,000 years old - Vaccines cause autism 
Which goes to show that many can't be helped, because they refuse to be.I respect everyone's right to their own opinions. But we live in an age where anyone with access to the internet can definitively 'fact-check' any questionable claim within a matter of seconds. And I do mean that literally--a person could scan multiple sources in less than a minute if they wanted to.
Please, no jokes about the Bowling Green Massacre.  Out of respect for the victims, we should at least wait until it takes place.
> Why would a con man lie?
 Not shocking when we know that a lot of supporters agree to bomb aggrabah 
Why are so many Donald Trump supporters so stupid? it's bad enough that you can't think for yourself, but now the rest of the world is laughing at us and thinking:typical American = Trump supporterYou just made us the laughing stock of the world. SMH.
Trump voters are fucking idiots? Who knew?
And probably none are aware about the Quebec City mosque shooting that happened on the 29th...We can't blame them thought, Trump never tweeted about it... /s
This whole clusterfuck shows how gullible and dumb this country can be. Racist white people are willing to believe anything if it benefits their xenophobic views.
Most Trump supporters are idiots.  
I think its universally agreed that Trump supporters are brainless fools
That tells you everything you need to know about the intelligence of Trump voters.
Most trump supporters can barley read. 
How many years did they rail on clinton about Benghazi yet they pull pure fiction out of the air?
They probably also think the Texas chainsaw massacre was real too.
Trump hard core supporters are becoming so dangerous with their buying into nonsense.A guy I work with is crazy in favor of the wall, I asked him why.  His response was to keep America safe.  I said from whoHis response was the cartel.  Last time I checked, the cartel isn't killing a ton of people on American soil.  He is okay with spending whatever it is, 50 billion or so on a wall to prevent maybe a small small handful of murders of idiots who screw around in an unsafe area.  We don't wall off the ghettos when someone is stupid enough to stay there when they don't belong, it's a dangerous area, so you avoid it.And then he brings up things like mass shootings and this is why the Muslim ban is needed and how black people are such a huge murder problem, yet will never even acknowledge that if you check the news, DOJ findings and such that the overwhelming majority of mass murders in the US are freaking white people and/or American born citizens who radicalized. Off the top of my head I can't think of a single Mexican citizen led terrorist attack, yet we need to spend an absolute silly amount on a fucking wall to prevent I guess drugs from getting in the US, which sneak by customs daily anyway.  And then they buy into shit like this where they blindly believe in random attacks at places they didn't happen by people who basically don't even exist.  Never forget, we (Americans as a whole) don't try to take away their right to vote even for shit like (insane ignorance and hate and fear mongering) this, ever.  But these people have no problem fucking with the budget and taking away liberties that many Americans have fought tooth and nail for.  And did so pretty much in the name of just playing catch up to other developed countries.  Not even to get ahead, just catch up.
PLEASE!  Could I have the contact information of these Trump supporters.  This is my chance to become a millionaire under the guise of raising money for the families of Bowling Green victims.Hey.... lemons to lemonade, people!! 
But Sandy Hook is fake...
Not all Donald trump supporters are conspiracy theorist, but I am willing to bet most conspiracy theorists are trump supporters. He could probably tell them the democrats are funding all the Chicago crime in an effort to take their guns and they would easily believe it.
They are also the bat shit crazies that believe Obama was a secret Muslim, Sandy Hook never happened, and that there was no Holocaust. And these mouth breathers voted for the most ignorant person running for President. We're fucked, people. 
These are the same geniuses who thought a child sex ring was being ran out of a pizza house.
Is anyone else concerned that only 700 people were polled?
Can we see the details of the poll somewhere? 
The Bowling green Massacre didn't take place in Bowling Green. It actually happened in [Memphis](http://www.espn.com/college-football/matchup?gameId=400869287)
Most Trump supporters don't care for facts, only alternative facts.
But think Sandy Hook was fake. Let that sink in.
Most trump supporters are morons so this isn't surprising.
Most Donald Trump supporters are mental defectives.
*I love the poorly educated!*
Link to actual poll?
Want to know about the real Bowling Green Massacre? Here's the link....https://www.democracynow.org/2017/2/10/white_supremacists_linked_to_the_real
People need to let this go.  She misspoke, ok?  People do it all the time.  She was clearly referring to the provocative Bowling Green Mascara, one of the products featured from the new Ivanka Trump Line.  (Now available at your next Presidential press conference.)
I never understand how these articles are taken seriously. It says, A new poll... Well where is this poll? Is there a link to it? Because I didn't see one. Who's to say it was not just made up by the Independent just to spread a lie? Just curious, not trying to say Independent is lying or anything. 
still think?  They never heard of it until Conway repeatedly lied about it. Now they think it actually happened and blame the lamestream media for lying and covering it up for so long.That's how stupid they are.
It's become a Religion. All you have to do is Believe! Hallelujah.  
They are also afraid of the sun.
Stupid people think stupid things: film at 11. 
So according to these wingnuts Sandy Hook was fake but Bowling Green was real? What a bunch of gullible mean spirited idiots.
Forget Trumpers. They're lost souls. Worry about mobilizing, rallying and galvanizing the left to get them to the polls and into the streets. Worry about moderates who have a shot at redemption. Worry about those open to critical thought but merely haven't heard the full scope of Trump's war of everything worth saving. There's enough proper-thinking folks in this country to drive Trumpers back into the latrine of society. We just need to become active. Trumps zealots can go fuck off and die.
And we need to replace Obamacare with the Affordable Care Act.How did the American electorate become so stupid?
Bowling Green is real and Sandy Hook is a hoax....
Not trying to defend Trump supporters who dont pay attention to the news, but...*the Bowling Green Massacre shows why Mr Trumps immigration policy is needed*...is a very poorly worded survey question.One could get a similar misleading result by asking Hillary Clinton supporters Did Hillary Clinton's visit to Japan in 2015 help to bring the two countries closer together?One could get a similar misleading result by asking Bernie Sanders supporters Did the revelation of Bernie Sanders unpaid parking tickets adversely affect his run for president?One could get a similar misleading result by asking Christians Does Jesus' gift of bread to the Pharisees show that his teachings are important in our daily lives?One could get a similar misleading result by asking gun owners In these days of increasingly frequent home invasions, do you feel that having a gun in the house would help your personal defense?---The reality is that most people do not pay attention to the news, and have poor memories, and so if you just tack a false statement ahead of a statement people already believe, then you'll always get look how stupid these people are results.
This just in:  Most Trump supporters are dumb as fuck!
Most Trump supporters are ignorant. Not necessarily *unintelligent*, but ignorant.
This was a trial balloon, and it worked beautifully. Now they know that no matter what they say, and no matter how thoroughly it is debunked, it will believed by a significant segment of their followers. So when we get close to 2020, and his reelection is in danger, they'll be able to claim that there have multiple terrorist attacks, and there is an enormous amount of potential voter fraud in the upcoming election, and the media isn't covering any of it. Therefore, the Constitution will be suspended temporarily, and the election will be postponed until the electoral fraud can be brought under control. Trump will remain in office indefinitely in order to keep the government stable and operating normally.And his followers will offer a sigh of relief that we avoided a horrible fate as a nation.
This extreme propaganda madness to generate hate against immigrants and foreigners and muslims will be the death of american society.
For those of you who didn't check the poll, it's from the PPP. They've led some pretty ridiculous polls before, and I wouldn't be surprised if their responders are an extreme niche because of it. From Wikipedia:>In addition to political issues, the company has polled the public on topics such as the approval rating of God,whether Republican voters believePresident Obamawould be eligible to enter heaven in the event of theRapture,whetherhipstersshould be subjected to a special tax for being annoying,and whetherTed Cruz is the Zodiac Killer.Moral of the story: there's probably a couple dudes the do believe the bowling Green massacre fairness, but the poll is no indication. 
Because most of his supporters are knuckle draggers. 
Well, they're idiots after all
I think we already knew that most Trump supporters are morons.
51% of the Trump supporters are idiots. Just pick every other Trump supporter, and that person is an idiot.
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL!!!!
How do they survey this? If the question just says Do you believe the Bowling Green Massacre justifies the travel ban?, then it might have nothing to do with Conway. It could be that for some people are answering yes even if the question is the first time they've heard of it.
I'm going to be an optimist with this and say it sounds worse than it is. If 51% of Trump supporters believe the lie, but Trump got around 26% of the vote, then it's really only around 13% of the entire voting populace that believe this, and that's being generous.
Because Trump supporters are uneducated and idiots who refuse to believe facts or logic. There is no even trying to explain the facts because they just deny reality and only believe lord trump. 
The question asked appears to be does the Bowling Green Massacre show why Mr Trumps immigration policy is needed?.To be fair, if I said does the shooting of Millard Fillmore show that police body cameras are needed?, a whole bunch of people would say yes without realising that Fillmore was actually the 12th president of America. Phrasing is everything in polls.Furthermore, the article doesn't seen to say who conducted the poll or what methodology was used (it partially states for the approval rating but does not say about the others).
They also believe in trickle down economics, white genocide, and Pizzagate. And people wonder why higher education and getting lead out of drinking water aren't priorities for the Republican party.
So the lesson is : constantly circle jerking to Trump and Bannon make brain cells weak. /S
Of course it's real. Because anyone who says it's not is fake news. /s
Surely not EVERY Trump isn't that dumb. Oh wait...
Yeah...and they think Adam and Eve's kids rode around on dinosaurs!
That is the power of fake news. I'm in a fairly conservative work space but an intelligent and liberal friend there looking at internet headlines commented  a week after the election that Trump had actually won the popular vote. I told her that was wrong and she then searched and corrected herself but if I had been quiet the false information would have been spread. Conway has said as much many times. They don't care if it is true so long as the information is out there. 
I would like to see how this poll question was worded, because I feel people would be susceptible to the Dunning Kruger effect. If I asked the question Does Terror Attack X justify a Muslim ban? and if the person I was asking never heard of Terror Attack X, they would just assume it is a real thing that exists, and then their logic may jump to We need to protect against terror.If I gave you 3 options and the third option was Terror Attack X is fake and never happened then you may be more likely to question your answer and I think the results may look different.
I fear that liberals may have been instrumental in spreading the misunderstanding that this fake event actually occurred via memetic repetition and sarcastic descriptions of fake details in social-media venues such as Twitter and Facebook. After all, from the perspective of a deluded conservative, if even the liberals appear to claim that it happened, then it must be real. The so-called Bowling Green Massacre has been good for a laugh, but I'm rethinking how I've been mocking it.
What is fascinating about this is I didn't see this story being covered by right-wing media. Couldn't find it at Fox, Breitbart, the Blaze, Twitchy, Drudge, etc. Did see it in the Washington Times and NY Post.
They still think he's out for the little guy too...
7-11 was a part time job!Legalize Ranch!
TIL most trump supporters are idiots.
No no,  but it IS real.  Hillary!  I mean Bill!  I mean Obama did it!!!! 
Eh, this actually seems more like good news to me.  The question asked wasn't whether they thought the Bowling Green Massacre was real, it was whether they thought it proved the ban was needed.  Most people who haven't heard of the story by now will naturally assume it's real, especially since the poll was conducted over the phone, i.e. no opportunity to Google the name and get details.  It's like if there was a poll asking Does <imaginary school shooting> prove that tighter gun control laws are needed? most Democrats would answer yes, while most Republicans would agree that <imaginary school shooting> proved that gun free school zones should be eliminated.  The specific incident usually doesn't matter to anybody.  The important bit is that 49% of the Trump supporters *didn't* think the BGM proved the need for a ban.  Since most Trump supporters are exactly kind of people who would normally agree with this, it's a safe bet that a lot of them said no because they had heard about it being false.  In other words, Conway getting called out on her BS has made significant penetration into the public, even among the folks who trust shit like Info Wars and think CNN is fake news.  I consider that a good sign.
I honestly don't understand why people find this sort of thing surprising anymore. Lots of people are confused about just about anything you might ask them. It's like a standing problem about everything.  
This is kind of a problem with polling.  Most people don't think a polling company is actively trying to trick them, so when they're asked Do you think the Bowling Green massacre justifies Trump's policy? many, many people will think, oh there must have been a Bowling Green massacre, otherwise the polling company wouldn't be asking about it, and I'm in support of the ban, so I agree with this statement.  It's certainly intellectually lazy and uncritical, but I bet most of these people had never even heard about this whole Bowling Green incident, and now *do* think it's real because they were polled on it.  To me this is less an indicator of how many people still think the 'Bowling Green Massacre' is real, and more of an indicator that a lot of people are lazy thinkers and will resort to the partisan position if prompted by a misleading question.
Most still think the are 3 million illegal votes in the election 
Makes sense, since Donald Trump supporters don't use facts.
That's the biggest problem. When you say something like that, it doesn't matter if you publicly rescind it the next day. The damage is already done. And of course, there are no repercussions for spreading lies that result in violence unless you're a cult leader.
Do they REALLY believe it or do they just WANT to believe it?Which is morally worse?
What do you think the Venn diagram of those who believe(d) Pizzagate and those who believe Bowling Green Massacre would look like?
I've had it with these motherfucking idiots in this motherfucking country.
No one actually fucking believes this. The amount of times this sub cites The Independent as a valid news source is ridiculous.
...and that the Sandy Hook massacre is fake. 
time to start a democratic pac,  called the bowling green masacre  that way we can collect donations for the children 
/bowlinggreenmassacre
Again proving how stupid his supporters are.
Most Trump supporters believe that the Earth is 6000 years old also, what else is new?
Well they don't believe everything is real, Sandy Hook for instances. 
Am I late to the anti-trump circle jerk?
This whole election cycle has been done a fantastic job of showing me how many of my neighbors are gullible fucking idiots
>found that Mr Trump's approval rating is now just **43** per centSo, its gone up?That same newspaper has previously reported:http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-approval-rating-majority-americans-disapprove-travel-ban-us-president-policies-muslim-a7552616.htmlMonday 30 January 2017According to a poll by analysts at Gallup... **42** per cent approve of his performance.http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-new-poll-lowest-popularity-rating-russia-quinnipiac-university-a7520796.html11 January 2017 (just before inauguration)**high-quality** pollster to poll on Mr Trump... his favourable rating ... to **37** per cent
I really wouldn't use a push poll to prove anything.
Troy got pizza. We are in the darkest timeline. 
This is just normal man on the street style crap. This is why polls in general are crap. Have you seen the late shows? They can get people on both sides of the aisle to admit and agree with stupid made up shit all the time. If the question was written like this does the [fill in the blank] massacre prove trump needs to ban refugees I'm sure you get a proportion of Trump supporters to say yes no matter what you put in the blank. Have fun with your CJ. 
In Hong Kong, we call these crazy people: 
When you are not willing to question what you are told you could end up believing anything. 
I live in Kentucky. 
No real surprise coming from the Sandy Hook was faked. We never landed on the moon, Reagan is God and the second amendment should have been first. Downvote away! 
Are you kidding? Trump is the second coming to many of his followers.  Whatever he says is gospel simply by the fact that he said it.....
No we don't.   We do remember another fake story: Landing under sniper fire 
Has anyone asked the people in Bowling Green, Ky what they think? 
Most Donald Trump supporters still think rich people give a fuck about them. 
Nothing wrong with banning opposing countries from entering your country. Muslims can still come to America and they do, just not from those countries banned. Would you not have banned Germany when you were at war with them during WW2? Just makes sense. Refugee thing is fucked up though. Hiding behind a fake event is also fucked up. Trump should have the balls to state the real reason.
Most Donald Trump supporters still think...This sentence has a thousand ridiculous and true endings.
Actual conservation with a real human being:PERSON: I don't even watch the news anymore, it's all lies and propaganda. I just joined Twitter just to follow Trump, that's all the news I need. ME: (after a moment of trying to figure out where to start) Let's just say--*theoretically*--Trump tweets a bald-faced lie.  How would you know? Wouldn't you want verification of some kind? PERSON: (laughs) Trump doesn't lie. The media does. I get it straight from the president, all the media does is try and twist.ME: Oh... Okay... But, let's just say *if* he lied, PERSON: The president doesn't lie, Thanks_Crystals. He just doesn't. That's what you have to understand. See, you're so used to Obama and Hillary lying and Trump just isn't that kind of person. He's telling the truth like it is, the unvarnished truth, okay? And if you try to tell me otherwise, that makes you a liar, too. I'm sorry, but that's how I feel. And we just don't have room for liars in this country. And I'll tell you something else, if there's a terrorist attack on this country, (shakes his finger) *you're* responsible because you didn't support our president.
This could work to everyone's advantage . . . Spicer or Conway just needs to say that the beautiful, perfect, and Christian wall has been finished in less than a month and that Trump has solved illegal immigration forever.  The people who need to believe it will praise Trump and can get on with their lives, and the rest of us can save billions of dollars and avoid a trade war with Mexico.  
Come on...don't these people have *anyone* in their lives that think rationally and know what's real and what isn't? Don't they see or hear about any stories disputing that it happened?
Never heard of it.
The very reason they lie their asses off and never back off from the lies. Their base is too stupid to realize they are being lied to consistently.
We will have the absolute truth once we have our absolute tyrant. 
I can't imagine that his supporters are the brightest or most informed among us.
Gullible...why else vote for him in the first place?
And I'm sure Fox News paraded this as fact than quietly, when very few are watching, admitted they were wrong.
The very reason they lie so much or do you have to be educated, it's that they're told not to bring the subject up just to spread a lie?
Like a cult
In other words, Trump supporters live in a post-apocalyptic fantasy land.
Man these people are their own fucking species of just plain stupidity, ignorance, and hate. A whole different breed 
Republicans are so stupidly brainwashed, I wouldn't be surprised if even the people in Bowling Green, KY believe it. 
The problem is that people will believe it as the lie comes first, then the proof that it is a lie. People will not hear the facts after a lie was said (especially if they don't want to hear it either). Trump supporters are morons anyways. 
I bet most of them still think Earth's flat
Well yeah, and the reason you haven't heard of it is because CNN and other fake news outlets are not covering it. It's a yuge conspiracy. /s obviously...
Although they've never heard of it until conway flubbed. Thank goodness for conway revealing the alternative facts on FNN.
It's official, this must be the twilight zone because these people are obviously living on another planet/in an alternative reality. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!!
Welp, they were stupid enough to vote for him.  So whatever.
2/2 Never Forget
Kellyanne said itI believe itThat settles it
Of course they do: They're fucking delusional.
My dad -- Souther Maryland redneck who keeps Fox News running 24/7 -- refused to believe the facts. The liberal media tricks people like you. People *DIED* there!
I am guessing you asked all of them, then counted the ones who said yes, thus coming up with most? Or is this more fake news?
Well, yeah. If they were capable of identifying bullshit and people lying to them, they wouldn't have voted for President Bannon--I mean trump.
Don't just lie often but lie first.
Mexico will pay for the wallI have a replacement plan ready for ObamacareI know more than the generals do about ISIS3.5 million of Hillary's votes were illegalI will drain the swamp (that's the best one!)There's a sucker born every minute
I don't think Trump supporters are dumb. I think they are sadly very brainwashed by extremely conservative outlets like foxnews and breitbart. Much like trump, they retain their audiences by delegitimizing the opposition and the non-conservative media. This of course has the effect of them making them seem like the beacon of truth amongst their followers. Trump is doing the same thing. People have to remember that Trump is never talking to the American people, he is only talking to his base that elected him. I think at some point, it's going to catch up to him and the Republicans on the hill who still believe Trump speaking for the majority of America.
Had me at still think. I was surprised. 
Well... yeah, of course.Face it, they've haven't got any smarter since the voted the fucker in, have they?That's right - no they haven't. So with that in mind you can be pretty well assured that the dumb fucks will continue to believe any bullshit spewed by sideshow donny.
*Kellyanne Conway is playing 7D Hopscotch by citing a fake massacre and forcing the biased liberal media to research and report on two Iraqis refugees in Bowling Green the epic madwoman*Probably
>Can someone fill me in on this bowling Green massacre thing?>Cuckpedia says it never happened, all the leftist news sites that bing showed me will say it didn't happen.>But I don't trust anything they say lol.. it all seems like propaganda.This is a real post on the Trump subreddit.The most coherent answer is just sad with how wrong it is.>4D chess: by Conway intentionally mis-labeling it, the MSM went nuts to prove her wrong. Trump had the intent they would dig out the facts, that refugees DID come into the US and plan an attack.>~~ same trick he used to get them to prove they covered the 78 terror attacks, basically backing up the need for his 90 day pause.
Liberal tears is all that matter 
The best excuse I've seen is those guys killed US citizens (soldiers) abroad. Hence, massacre! which is... Stupid. But it's the closest thing to reality I've seen, when discussing the Bowling Green Massacre. 
Venn diagram between people who think Bowling Green happened and people who think Sandy Hook didn't happen?
I tried, but I got banned when I attempted to bring up facts
It was a [firing squad of sorts](http://www.thepostathens.com/article/2017/01/ohio-bobcats-bowling-green-mens-basketball), by one account.
They'll just say it was a cover up and one of the many terrorist attacks thst the media ignored so they don't have that information.
No one there believes in it source I frequent T_D 
im from t_d and i've never heard of this story before
Body count? I think it was three to five million.
I'd try, but I just got banned for bringing up the fact Trump was a reality TV actor.
nobody think it's real
Technically he's R-listed.
trump supporters are such Easy D
The dumbest one.
Wait, does he really think bowling green happened? Did he cry like he did when he heard about fishmen?
We are in the darkest timeline.
Alex Jones is either completely insane or the greatest satirist of all time. 
Alex jones believes not that sandy hook didn't happen but that it was a self inflicted terror attack to have Obama take your guns
Everyone from Sandy Hook knows it was a hoax. We did it all for the free teddy bears . /s
This is part of the Russian disinformation campaign.  We're wasting time arguing over reality and while this is happening we're losing on REAL issues.The ONLY issues we should focus on are gerrymandering, voter suppression, and electoral college reform.
Alex JoneAlex JonAlex JohnJohn AlexJohn lexJohn exJohn XJohn TJohn TiJohn TitJohn TitoJohn Titor
They even think that those beliefs are the result of them being smarter and more perceptive than the average person.  It's infuriatingly stupid.
I actually laughed out loud yesterday at their stupidity. Their top post was a selfie of a random guy stating he was the one who walked into that pizza shop with a gun and that he was an actor hired by Hillary. No source, no evidence, just a selfie. They ate that shit up. 
Do they really think unemployment is at 42%?? Maybe they are counting children and retired people...and pets. 
Don't forget about how crime is an epidemic and our police are under constant attack from scurry black peoples. 
>These idiots will believe anythingExcept the truth. No matter how many facts, indisputable evidence, out common sense you show them, they refuse to believe it. 
I mean, they believe that a man in the sky that created everything watches you masturbate and judges you for it... When you already believe in ideas that have no basis in reality, what can you really expect? There are people that think the earth is flat and that the earth is less than 6k years old- we have monuments older than that.
Well, there are some who have realized their mistake. I think we should encourage those ones.
Like they are going to admit it, after trump is done with everything they'd be too ashamed to admit it. They would delete all their previous social media posts and lie about bowing to him 
Also: don't believe anything that's too complicated for him to understand. 
You forgot vaccines cause autism, global warming is a hoax, and killing net neutrality is good under believe.
> Russian aggressionAnd this one just doesn't even make sense, because Russia admits they invaded Ukraine in Crimea.
Polls you forgot the polls on both lists. They believe the positive ones and don't believe the negative ones, as per Trump's order.
Bowling Green is real. Trump said so himself.
Don't believe the intelligence community either. 
>Dinosaurs were **not allowed** on Noah's Ark  **because they were gay**- Earth is Flat and only 6,000 years old - Vaccines cause autism  FTFY
Noah forgot the dinosaurs you dweeb!
It's more than that. To get through to such people, you have to break down their existing structure of authority.  It's not that these people don't want to be educated, it's that they're told not to trust the experts on these matters by their own authorities in their lives.  As such, they'll take education from their own authorities, but not from outsiders they're told not to trust.I hate to make it a religious thing, but when many of them spend their Sundays being told that the Bible is the only book they need, by a person who is the spiritual leader of the community, the rest of us can't hope to carve through that level of irrationality.
The problem comes when they are presented with two sets of sources and each offers opposite information.  If you have been primed to conspiracy on a large scale then you go with that one guy who heard from deep in the secret section of the FBI that there is an X file claiming the massacre.   The MIB used their memory wands and only Trump, Bannon, Conway and Spicer survived the roundup.
Speaking of fact checking, how come this article doesn't link to the poll that it's citing all this data from? 
Interesting thought experiment to think about Bowling Green as a future false flag operation that she got confused about in the timeline. 
But why? It's a beautiful city of mystery, of enchantment, and the finest merchandise this side of the River Jordan! On sale today! Come on down!
Your average Trump supporter cannot place other countries on a map so...
Of course they know all about it. A Muslim refugee went into a Mosque and shot a bunch of people, and the dirty Canadian LIEberals pinned the shooting on a Freedom Loving Trump Supporter, releasing the dirty Muslim into hiding to wait for his next state sponsored false flag op.
Everyone believes anything anymore as long as if furthers their agenda. Its a pretty frustrating time to be alive.
The more you cry about racist white people the more you lose
I want to start a 501c3 organization to accept donations from people in support of the victims of the BGM.
All*
Barley.
The irony of your comment is too damn high. If you're going to berate the intelligence of a particular group, it's best to know the difference between barley and barely.
It's not??....
Emotion > Logic
Way to put ideas in their heads.
Is anyone else concerned that so few people understand how polls are conducted and apparently never took a first year stats class. 
The poll is also kind of bunk. They asked if they thought the bowling green massacre was proof that the travel ban is justified. People answered based on whether they liked the travel ban. 
http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2017/02/americans-now-evenly-divided-on-impeaching-trump.html>Among those who do support it you have to wonder how well thought out their position is- by a 51/23 margin Trump voters say that the Bowling Green Massacre shows why Trump's immigration policy is needed.
fuckin hell, didnt expect that one
Touche good sir
Slow clap. Go Tigers! 
>Among those who do support it you have to wonder how well thought out their position is- by a 51/23 margin Trump voters say that the Bowling Green Massacre shows why Trump's immigration policy is needed. http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/pdf/2017/PPP_Release_National_21017.pdfI didn't see them include the link either, but it was easy to find with a Google search. 
Great leader has decreed that he alone will absorb the sun's orange rays. 
PPP is one of the standard respected poling organizations in the US. Get a grip. 
Most of his supporters have been lied to and manipulated by their elected officials and their media so long their bullshit detectors are broken. Calling them names accomplishes nothing beyond confirming the liberal snob/elitest stereotype.
I want to cry now. 
aaand the planet is only 6000 years old and that Jesus road into battle against the Nazis on his personal T-Rex named Allah.
Yet they'll point the finger at liberal news bias
That won't end until he's left office, 
You can't talk to someone that does not want to hear what you have to say.  You learn not to bring the subject up just to keep the peace.  If you don't live in the same house you gradually go by only when you have too.  
Why is it that cons have no clue how poling is done? Why is something that is a first year college requirement completely foreign to cons? 
You're actually exactly right. I've seen almost that exact comment.
it's sort of a joke,  I get that, and I think they say the whole 12D starcraft monopoly  shit to meme.  but what gets me is that I've seen heavily upvoted comment threads there about how every time trump or Kellyanne is wrong about something it is completely deliberate, and the responses are all people orgasming about how it just clicked for them that this exactly whats going on holy shit Maga. because apparently manipulative people are wrong on purpose to get people to do work for them. thank God that's our commander and chief. t_d is so in love with trump and every decision he makes that they cannot fathom that maybe he just made a mistake. hell,  I'll concede that maybe he and Kellyanne make off pretty well sometimes even after making brain dead fucking mistakes. But to convince yourself that he's perfection that is playing us in multidimensional etch-a-sketch actually physically pains me. 
Every trick ever played on man has one common element, whether it is a con, a magic act, or a cheating lover...distraction. Make them look here, while you do something there.
This checks out.
r/madlads
That's spot on
Isn't there some truth in this though?
Interesting metaphor using Hopscotch.  If not sarcastic, they are being sexist by using a girl's playground game, and not chess, considered to be the apex of mental prowess.  They can't even promote their own without tripping over their own feet.
>4D chess: by Conway intentionally mis-labeling it, the MSM went nuts to prove her wrong. Trump had the intent they would dig out the facts, that refugees DID come into the US and plan an attack.Why... why not just bring up the ACTUAL events?
Oh, notice the first maniac specifies Bing because they are boycotting Google for some reason. Lol
> Cuckpedia says it never happened, all the leftist news sites that bing showed me will say it didn't happen.> > But I don't trust anything they say lol.. it all seems like propaganda.A lack of information is propaganda. Yes, you are a genius. They somehow had a massacre, and named it that, without so much as a police blotter entry.
> all the leftist news sites that bing showed mePeople use Bing? I'd forgotten that even existed. Do the Trumpists have some sort of vendetta on Google, or something?
Link to the posts. I don't fucking believe you. I don't, I can't. Link it!
Why are you punching yourself in the dick? *Because of your liberal tears*
I've heard of single-issue voters before, but I've never seen someone whose single issue is making his own countrymen cry. 
The best one is when they say they just voted for Trump because they wanted liberal tears. I'm like, WHAT?! Grow the fuck up and vote like an adult!
Which of course, is ridiculous, because true liberals fight for a country which is better for all of us.
Just following that logic, wouldn't Americans be safer then if we banned soldiers and other citizens from leaving the United States? It's sad that people lack the empathy to see that, rightly or wrongly, if your own country is invaded, a lot of people are going to fight. 
It'd be a circle. 
I got banned when I wrote So The_Donald believes in survey now when someone posted a survey that happened in Finland...
Someone on that sub whined today why the refugees are only a US problem and why European and Asian countries aren't taking any. Seriously, these people don't care about facts and would rather just complain than do a two word google search...I am amazed I am not banned, yet.
Yep. Facts aren't welcome there. Only fake winning. That sub is cancer and will eventually take down all of Reddit one day. 
I got banned for asking a question. It wasn't even rhetorical! I just wanted to learn something. 
I got banned for saying he did something right for once when he put a 5 year moratorium on lobbyists in his administration.
You should post to /r/BannedFromThe_Donald 
Just call it what it is, Ohioan Radically Good Shooting Accuracy
P-listed.
He's on the Rape-list?
We live in the dumbest possible realityThat sounds possible. 
like the one where the non canon spinoffs happen like metal gear acid and zelda cdi games?
That fishmen thing was pure comedy gold.
This is why i grew my goatee out. 
Neither. He sells people stuff. Go on his website, they have an online store. Whether he sincerely believes these things or not, info wars is nothing but a front for selling people ridiculous products. 
He forgot, for 8 years, to take our guns!
Dunning-Kruger taken to extremes.
Joe Rogan is the most woke person in their mindset. People champion those whose minds are so open they fall for obvious bullshit. By taking in all ideas he ends up sliding more towards crazy than sane. Sure he is pro weed and has black friends but sadly he shares more beliefs with Timothy McViegh than any liberal I know.
Remember, to them, winning the election validated their beliefs. No this doesn't make sense, but it's still true. The fact they won the election means that the claims from infowars etc are *right*.This is the disastrous mental leap that is at the base of all the problems with that voting bloc.
Not only that but that the said actors dad worked for Hillary and was in charge of kidnapping kids from Haiti or something, a fascinating coincidence. 
lol what a bunch of dumbasses
That's half the subreddit. They take an out of context image and just make up a headline. Like they'll take a picture of a news anchor looking somewhat confused and put up a headline like CNN ANCHOR DOESN'T EVEN KNOW MEXICO BORDERS USA!!! BTFO!!!! and they'll get 10k upvotes in an hour. Unless the bots are slow then it might take 90 minutes. 
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/sep/30/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-unemployment-rate-may-be-42-perc/
I classify Trump voters and Trump supporters differently. I haven't seen much change from the real supporters 
The majority of those regretters haven't realized a mistake.They've realized they're about to be personally hurt by something. But hurting others? That's still okay.Realizing the mistake would be Oh shit, I can't just vote based on fucking nonsense. I need to actually consider the effect on the rest of the country when I vote for a national fucking office and not Oh noes he's about to take away my health care!!!!!
source? I'm not seeing this as much as I'd hope.
I don't think a lot of them realized their mistake, I mean he is doing exactly what he said he would do. They just realized some of these things might affect them (like losing health care) so now they are disgruntled. It was OK with them when Trump was only going to hurt other people though.
Reading documents before you sign them?
I aimed to cover all those in Dont Believe (2)
Trump didn't know that until an interviewer explained it to him, I wouldn't expect his supporters to understand this now.
Noah was a communist
>Dinosaurs were **not allowed** on Noah's Ark  **because they were gay because Obama put chemicals in the water that turned the friggin dinosaurs gay***FTFTFY* 
Chuck Tingle is a historian.
Honestly, that explains it all. When you learn to blindly trust authority in church because you'll burn in Hell if you don't, you're susceptible to whatever the leader's whims are.Scary.
Small town politics in a nutshell
You would worship Satan if he promised you he'd stop the abortions, so yeah it's pretty accurate. 
He clearly means most Trump supporters can only read while drinking beer. 
Woosh! At least I hope it was a facetious and deliberate misspelling. 
No it's not. It's Inspire by true events that were used into created a movie. It's similar to the hills has eyes which were also inspired by true events.
The initial idea was from Ed Gein, a maniac who robbed graves and decorated his house with human body parts. He only murdered two people, with a gun, so he isn't even considered a serial killer. Everything else is fictional. 
Greater or equal to really, passionate but not really permable.
So it's Question 4. Here's a screenshot: http://i.imgur.com/JMkSLwK.pngIt asks them about the Bowling Green massacre as if it actually happened. The people taking the poll would just assume it did because the poll itself is acting as if it did. This is essentially a trick question created specifically to manufacture poor articles like this one./u/captaingalaxy 
Thanks for that. I think it's shameful for a journalist to not include that link. Makes it to easy to make stuff up without one, but really reinforced your credibility when you do include one. 
See also: chemtrails, that the Civil War was about States' Rights, and the pyramids were grain silos.
Amazing.
lol holy shit dude Those mental gymnastics can only come from paid shills or fucking delusional lunatics or both.
I saw a comment defending Trump's list of underreported attacks which went along the lines of Lol they made the media print this list of attacks which has forced them to admit that all the attacks happened (regardless of the fact that the media themselves then went on to explain that they did indeed cover all the attacks)*But*, and here's the big but - this crap actually seems to work on a lot of people. They buy it. They read the big list of terror attacks, they listen to Conway's comments, they listen to Spicer's mistakes and think Oh my, that's a lot of terror attacks. Maybe we should be closing down the bordersOr in other words, Trump's tactics aren't clever manouvers to make the media look foolish (although he probably personally believes that he's making the FAKE NEWS media look idiotic and is going to bring them down) - what it is, is more likely Bannon's *actually* clever psychological manipulation of the Trump voter base, spreading fear and disquiet - ironically, by using the very FAKE NEWS media that Trump himself is hoping to discredit.tl;dr rambling theorisingedit: I mean, it could all just be the whole lot of them being stupid fools. But I think there are a *lot* of stupid fools in the administration, and a small number of intelligent and manipulative people too.
That's not a comment...it's the title of the post
I don't believe they are making mistakes when they say shit like this.  It's propaganda to blur the lines between fact and fiction.  If it gets repeated enough times, useful idiots will believe it.Such things also provide useful distractions that allow other things to go unnoticed or forgotten.
> heavily upvoted comment threads there about how every time trump or Kellyanne is wrong about something it is completely deliberate, and the responses are all people orgasming about how it just clicked for themThere must be some serious money and players in there leading the flock and controlling the narrative. I don't believe people are that delusional.
They're in an abusive relationship with their boyfriend in chief and are showing all the signs. 
In Trump's case, it's more like*I'm going to piss on your face to distract you from the fact that I'm pissing on your face*
I said hopscotch because it sounds funny.
When I was a kid, boys and girls all played hopscotch.  Not sure where you are getting that it's a girls game.  In fact the playgrounds at several of the elementary schools I went to had permanent hop scotch blocks with numbers painted on them.  It was a teacher led activity that was used to teach coordination as well as number recognition/counting.
Because they don't know what they are.
> 4D chessThis is LITERALLY encouraging mental illness.
Because it would flesh out that Obama increased vetting in response to it, resulting in the processing slowdown that Trump called a freeze that he then used to justify his freeze. If they cover the events, it exposes really bad specious, circular logic.
Exactly. That might have ACTUALLY converted some people to their side on the refugee issue. 
>So in debunking her, they proved Trumps point. It's honestly a little shocking because he - and his staff - keep using the same trick over and over, and they just flat-out fall for it every single time.lol ya, thats whats happening
You mean facts? They don't know what a fact is. 
Because Google is a biased liberal search engine. /s
I mean, at this point it's probably easier to just pick out the things they're not boycotting, cause that list has gotten loooong. 
Bing doesn't censor porn results. This is essential, if you're going to tackle important issues while masturbating.
They're boycotting so much stuff, and it's doing literally nothing. In fact, it seems to actually be good press. 
Yes, conservative media has been demonizing and acting paranoid about a Google for some time now. For some reason they think Bing is a better alternative.
[Does this work for you?](https://np.reddit.com/search?q=Can+someone+fill+me+in+on+this+bowling+Green+massacre+thing%3F)
*Trump supporter burns in hell, looks up to his crying family in heaven*HAHA liberal tears are delicioARRRRG!
You've never seen people with bumper stickers like have a good day today, piss off a liberal?This mentality pervades the right. They don't understand what liberals are, really, but they've been told over and over again on their AM radio station that liberals are bad, and that it's good to be mean to them.
They know they act out of spite and couldn't care less
Maybe we need some reverse psychology.Oh, I will be so sad if a Warren/Sanders ticket wins in 2020. I will cry so many liberal tears. Oh god, anything but that!
And how about the billions of dollars of weapons we export that end up used on civilians or even back at us?  So many massacres!
>Just following that logic, wouldn't Americans be safer then if we banned soldiers and other citizens from leaving the United States? I mean yes, possibly.
That's what I figured.
I got banned for pointing out the 20s weren't really a great decade....
You literally can't discuss any sort of dissenting viewpoint without getting your comment deleted and getting yourself banned. It is hilariously absurd. On a post claiming t_d is all about the truth, I brought up pizzagate and their big thread about a possible Wikileaks alien conspiracy--banned. They're *still* on about pizzagate. There was a thread a couple of days ago that said something to the effect of once the god emperor reveals this scandal, the libcucks will probably just say it's fake news, and this administration is just making this up to shift the blame off the pedophiles.
I got banned for saying that as a German American, I wasn't personally offended by Trump being called Drumpf
PP List. 
Rapeublican Party
Silly-string theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzNeg9D-EZ4Dat reality though
Maybe that's why my wife wanted me to have a beard...
He was too busy being a Muslim!I feel I'm sounding pretty donalish saying these things
See? He was an incompetent leader. He couldn't even take our guns. Damn him!
No, just a practical application of it. Great field-study material abounds, my friend. 
The Donald is like if Dunning-Kruger fucked Freddy Krueger and then had a love child to be raised by the Insane Clown Posse. 
Eh, he's a comedian. I hope people aren't getting their whole belief system from a guy who tells jokes and commentates fights. Also, I think he prefers to be non-confrontational as much as possible with guests of differing viewpoints, so it might come off as him believing all the crap everyone is saying when he's really just discarding it afterwords.
is he that bad? i've seen a few clips, the ones on flat earthers, dinosaurs not being real, and a few others i think. he seemed to be pretty good with calling out idiots and their bullshit. seems odd he would be with trump. 
But they'll look at all this jazz about the steele dossier and say it's fake news. As more and more things come out that are verified by that dossier. I just gotta wonder if t_d is populated by like 95% Russian hackers.
Wow, that alternative measure (not my words) indeed counted every single person age between 16 and 69! So hypothetically, I could say DT approval rating is at 5%. I admit I'm counting every single living thing on the planet. No source whatsoever. 
Fair enough. There are definitely people who would scream fake news even if Trump himself came clean in an interview broadcast live on all news channels and sites. Those... are beyond help.
Hmm... how are we classifying voters and supporters? I know a PTA mom who was a big Trump supporter (she made knit caps with Trump/Pence on it and handed out other swag shit even; she didn't just hold her nose and vote R; I think she voted for Trump in the primaries too). And she's just about turned on him. She was one who thought the wall was metaphorical, thought he'd stop tweeting so aggressively after he won, massively hated Clinton and did think Clinton would be put in jail, loves our troops (her oldest boy is an airforce pilot who graduated from our school; her 2 current students are in ROTC with high ranks) and hates the Yemen raid being called a success, and is smart enough to know that they're lying about things like the Bowling Green Massacre. Not smart enough to see that this was what Trump was all along, I guess, but I think part of that is a blind hatred for Hillary Clinton and some internalized misogyny because she's the type to say lady misogynistic things (especially about any girl her sons' date!) if you know what I mean. She led a call-your-Senators and postcard campaign against Betsy Devos and thinks Devos will be terrible for Education. I don't know how this lady tolerated his treatment of the Gold Star family because we never talked about it, but she's recently talked about his besmirching of many people who were servicemen (like McCain). I think she just didn't really *know* that much about the candidate she supported? It's hard to ask the right questions to get critical information because I work with her in a PTSA context as a teacher coordinator and teach one of her kids (really good kid, btw). So, I don't have all the details. But hearing her comments after the meeting this week was interesting. She's pretty much the only Trump supporter I speak with about these things IRL. Anyway, just one case, but it was one that was interesting to me. In many cases, I don't know or avoid talking to Trump supporters IRL so it's hard to know what they're thinking. But does having like a Trump/Pence sign on your lawn count as being a supporter vs. a voter or do you have to be a T_D level sycophant? 
This is a good point. A lot of people voted for him just because he had an (R) next to his name. They barely knew anything about him.Those are the people that are pushing his disapproval to 54%.
Try /r/Trumpgret.
I think it's just the 'reading' part, he doesn't read his memos, he doesn't read executive orders... I'm not sure he can even read at all at this point.
*Love and kisses, Zaphod*----- 
You think he ran to become president of the United States so he could spend his spare time reading?!?!?!?! ^^^^/s
For future reference, reality might have been more efficient.
> Dont Believe (2): Electric boogaloo
It's in the Bible!
>Noah was a communist Man using his divine connections to build a boat, make a floating zoo when a crisis strikes so he can thrive later on. Hardly a communist.
And liked to watch animals having sex.
That fact is even scarier when you realize Trump has talked about letting churches endorse political candidates.
So many redditors post stuff like this that it makes me wonder if they've ever been in a liberal church or read theology. Apart from the insane religious right, there's a lot more to theology than just power over the masses.
> The people taking the poll would just assume it did because the poll itself is acting as if it did. The Clinton, Stein, and Johnson voters didn't assume it was a real event. Over 95% of them picked Disagree or Don't Know.Why is it that a whopping 51% of Trump voters were tricked?
How long did Apollo 11 land on the surface of the sun for?If people answered is hours and minutes, would you complain its Such a loaded question, because the poll itself is acting as if it did happen, or would you agree that its not because of the poll, but because people are misinformed... or at the very least ignorant, but too proud to admit a lack of knowledge
Not to mention that the actual events could reasonably be a point for agreeing with the EO. Change Bowling Green massacre (clearly a misnomer, that lady seems to misspeak a lot) to Two iraqi men who entered the US as refugees and attempted to send weapons and money to al-Qaeda and while you might still disagree with the EO, suddenly the other side doesn't seem as unreasonable. Instead we get these people believe terrorists killed a bunch of people in Bowling Green.
Thank you. 
Yes. And this type of stuff will just validate Trump's message. He will cherry pick it to prove to everyone that the media is lying. Like the MLK statue story. It needs to stop. The media is shooting themselves in the foot by writing this stuff. 
See here:>A mixture of gullibility and cynicism had been an outstanding characteristic of mob mentality before it became an everyday phenomenon of masses. In an ever-changing, incomprehensible, world the masses had reached the point where they would, at the same time, believe everything and nothing, think that everything is possible and that nothing was true Mass propaganda discovered that its audience was ready at all times to believe the worst, no matter how absurd, and did not particularly object to being deceived because it held every statement to be a lie anyhow. The totalitarian mass leaders based their propaganda on the correct psychological assumption that, under such conditions, one could make people believe the most fantastic statements one day, and trust if the next day they were given irrefutable proof of their falsehood, they would take refuge in cynicism; instead of deserting the leaders who had lied to them, they would protest that they had known all along the statement was a lie and would admire the leaders for their superior tactical clevernessHannah Arendt; The Origins of Totalitarianism 
The fact that Trump is always so fucking stupid and wrong proves how smart and correct he is!
It's literally a cult of personality.  Go over to T_D and you can see comments like people talking about how Donald inspires them to be a better person, husband, and father because of what a great man and great leader he is, and everyone else just upvotes the comment and says they agree.
/r/The_Easy_D is a handful of crazy supporters wading in a pool of Russian bots.
The donald subreddit is made up mostly of trolls. They don't believe any of the shit they just want people to be upset. The true idiots are the foxnews only watchers. 
They probably end up banning detractors, so as more bullshit happens, the fanbase as a whole gets a bit crazier.
Here's a screenshot of the actual question from the poll this article is reporting on: http://i.imgur.com/JMkSLwK.pngIt asks them about the Bowling Green massacre as if it actually happened. The people taking the poll would just assume it did because the poll itself is acting as if it did. Trump and Hillary supporters were tricked alike.Not impressed with this article's reporting.http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/pdf/2017/PPP_Release_National_21017.pdf
You mean the list of underreported attaks?
sure,  sometimes I think there's a possibility. *maybe* we are getting played. but you don't think it's equal if not more possible that,  say,  when kelly anne promoted Ivanka's clothing line she was just ignorant? 
Have you met people?
You haven't met my mom.
[/u/CandiKaine Who Thought He'd Lost All Hope Loses Last Additional Bit Of Hope He Didn't Even Know He Still Had](https://youtu.be/N6m7pWEMPlA?t=38s)
That part of the Dossier has not yet been verified.
Sorry, I thought this was a quote from t_d. My mistake.
That would involve reading intelligence briefings. He's not a big reader. 
I'm convinced most in t_d are trolls or joining in for the lulz.  It's a little too /r/pyongyang in there sometimes.
I mean, Bobby Fischer was not exactly a model of sanity in the first place. 
Actually, I kind of like that idea.  That you can write down a move and end a turn without moving, and then X turns later (depending on what you wrote), make the move you secretly wrote and then move your piece to where you said in addition to the regular move.  So you could, for example, make your rook move forward 5 spaces due to fourth dimensional time travel, then move right 3 spaces for your regular turn.  There would have to be rules regarding what happens if two pieces take up the same spot upon arrival (do both die?  Only the mover survives?)
You see, instead of just stating their point, they *lie about things that never happened* that way the public will be forced to eventually debunk them down to their original point! Goddamnit it hurt just to type that nonsense.
Even though Bing is owned by Microsoft and Bill Gates is a Democrat.
Books: The Bible Neo-Nazism for Dummies Media: The Passion of the ChristThe Celebrity Apprentice: Complete Series DVDClothes: Ivanka Trump only. (Hope Walmart carries it soon!)Did I miss anything?
Well duh, Microsoft is a good ol' fashion ma and pa business. 
You can use Bing very well for alternative searches (   )
*nuclear bomb drops on their city*haha get fucked liberals
Oh we are all going to hell. God is still unhappy about that whole murdering people in the middle east for profits thing. Maybe, since we all betrayed our fellow man, we will get to gnaw on a trumpsters head while we suffer for all eternity. Edit to add a letter.
I finally spoke up at work (where I'm the only woman) and said, You keep saying that [liberals are bad], bit you know I'm a liberal, right?Yeah, well, you're different! You're also not like other women!Me: Yes I am. Every time you say you don't like working with women or don't like liberals, you're forgetting that I AM A WOMAN AND A LIBERAL.Him: Yeah, but you're different!SMH. 
>You've never seen people with bumper stickers like have a good day today, piss off a liberal?I can safely say I haven't, it hasn't gotten that bad up here in Canada, and especially in Quebec. ...maybe Quebec City. 
Yet Trump promised both to get us out of the Middle East, AND destroy ISIS at the same time.  I'm not sure how that works unless we glass Iraq and Syria.  Somehow I don't see that ending well for anybody.
But... Those other races and women knew their place. How could it *not* have been great?
I got banned for pointing out that asking the president to put someone in prison for a tweet would be a violation of the first amendment, and it's not a really good idea to shit on the constitution if you really want to make america great again.
I got banned for saying sanders is nothing like trump 
I feel like I need to get banned from there... what am I doing with my life
t_d is pretty much just troll practice. No need to go there, unless it's to see what they are planning to troll everywhere else (again).I'm sure there are a few people in there that believe everything, however I bet that most are actually just doing it for the trolling and to boost the post counts for all their fake accounts.
So, once notorious liar Donald Trump says that the notorious lie Pizza gate is true then liberals will deny that it happened. Great strategy
Easy D-list
Points
That was fucking hilarious. 
AHHAHAHA HOLY SHIT is this dude for real? How the fuck does he even have a single shred of credibility to his name?
Genius. Thank God I have Alex Jones to tell me about the fish people.
What. The. Fuck.
that can not be real though. right?
That is the BEST, lol!!!!!  Can't believe I'd missed this one.  Thanks!
He just really ate up all the spite towards hillary. Also he is friends with and defends Alex Jones... so maybe means well but kinda an idiot.  I still enjoy most of his perspective/podcast.
I legitimately think it's populated by a lot of very ignorant people. Sure, there are Russian accounts and probably some shills and trolls, but I truly believe there are mostly just stupid people there feeling confident in their safe space.Mostly because I know people irl that say the same dumb shit and are hard core trump supporters. 
If Trump could possibly not lie and came out on TV then Infowars would say that the CIA got to him.
Here's the test:1. Would you vote for him again if there was another election today?2. Do you support (insert batshit policy here)?That's enough to tell me whether they've returned to reality yet.
> Not smart enough to see that this was what Trump was all alongThere's the rub...
I would probably count the group that favored him before the nomination as the biggest distinction. The conservative voters that went his way once the choices they prefered were gone are more in the voters section. Certainly there is crossover between the two, but I mostly mean though who chose him due to his cult of personality, and not his stunningly lacking substance 
I have a hard time feeling sorry for anyone who thought Donnie Dumpster was a worthwhile candidate. 
According to Canada, he probably can't: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXGuJlTVXfw
Point well made.Ladies and gentlemen, buckle up, we will soon be leaving our senses.
You mean the King James Capitalism is Awesome Bible?
He worked for free to build a boat to house all the other creatures, for free. He's basically working for free for The State (i.e. god).Communist.
Are we still talking about the Dossier?
Responded to you elsewhere:>Actually, let me correct myself. That question does not even allow *room* for telling if Hillary voters were tricked. Because Hillary voters are typically going to say [any massacre that *actually* happened] is not enough reason to implement the executive order regardless. >So I was indeed wrong to say that, but for a different reason (because you literally can't tell if Hillary voters were tricked from the information given).  
While I understand your point, I simply don't think that's a fair comparison.
No, it would be more like, Do you agree that the Apollo 19 mission was a success and we should increase funding for NASA so there's more missions like it? Hur dur! Trump supporters are stupid heads, 75% of them think there was an Apollo 19 mission.
Explains Trump supporters perfectly.I don't like how it's from The Origins of Totalitarianism.
>  they would protest that they had known all along the statement was a lie and would admire the leaders for their superior tactical clevernessYeah, I feel like I see a lot of this any time I decide to visit The_Donald or talk to any of his ardent supporters.
This sounds oddly familiar
So, religious fanatics.
OMG I have the 13th printing of that book!!! (1969)I thought that book sounded familiar. (Sorry, exciting moment for me)
> object to being deceived because it held every statement to be a lie anyhow.Someone elsewhere called this reverse Stockholm syndrome. Not so much convincing a victim that he doesn't really have it bad, but that everyone has it bad.
People should watch [Hypernormalisation ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=f9m2yReECak).
[Relevant](http://imgur.com/a/Zr8ez)
Exactly. And it's obvious they think the MSM is duped into reporting factual info, as if the MSM is the enemy getting duped instead of just reporting information. 
He literally just posted on Twitter how much fun he is having playing golf, despite constantly berating Obama for playing golf too.
I don't even think /r/T_D believes what it's selling. I think it's just where everyone from /r/coontown and /r/fatpeoplehate ended up when they lost their favourite passtime.   Just trolls trying to get under peoples' skin.  
*Isn't it terrible the rumor that we're exterminating the Jews when we're only parking them in the swamps of Russia.* Explaining Hitler: The Search for the Origins of His Evil, Ron Rosenbaum
Yeah this is what I suspect. Some of the comments there are so simplistic and poorly written. Not to mention the posts with an insane amount of upvotes but very few comments. There's no way all of those are real people. 
I would argue that it's actually mostly bots, either farming karma for later spam, or just spamming propaganda to begin with. Seriously, check out how many 1-3 month old accounts are on there. Probably most. It has now become a self sustaining propaganda source--once started, those affected generate more themselves.
Imagine what the last days will look like, when the craziness is concentrated into the last few dozen loyalists.
> Trump and Hillary supporters were tricked alike.Only 2% of Clinton voters answered affirmatively. 6% of Johnson voters. 3% of Stein voters.51% for Trump voters.It's pretty clear who was tricked.
I agree with you. It's very likely that they could have asked this question and ended up with even more Agree results:> Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: 'the Salish County shootings show why we need Donald Trump's executive order on immigration?'That wouldn't imply most of Donald Trump's supporters think there were Salish County shootings -- it would just mean they were willing to believe a pollster's suggestion that they were, and they were happy to accept the implication that these events were supporting evidence to their currently held views.People don't answer a poll expecting it to be a knowledge test. They're going to assume the questions are asked in good faith, and will answer accordingly.Of course, those who saw the news and knew about the Bowling Green massacre being non-existent would know to answer Disagree to the question about it. But that doesn't mean those who answer Agree came into the poll with a prior belief in the Bowling Green massacre.
That is some pretty shoddy polling indeed. It's not even a question. The *statement* is the question (but that's just being pedantic really)Edit: still unsure how they came to the conclusion 51% think it's real
> And in yet another measure of the terrible economic anxiety gripping Trump voters though, 46% of them think there should be a White History Month to 36% opposed to that concept. Lol! PPP used the term economic anxiety to point out that Trump supporters are racist.
You can do that with almost any group of people, not just Trump supporters. Most people are terribly uninformed and make decisions based on sound bites and drivel. Howard Stern had Obama voters in 2012 saying they thought Obama picking Paul Ryan as a running mate was a good idea and that McCain would do better but still lose. They didn't even really know who was running or with whom but they sure knew who they were voting for. A bunch of them didn't even know that Bin Laden was already dead.   There are idiots everywhere on all sides of politics.
A hypothetical Bowling Green Massacre could be any kind of massacre.  The question isn't charged like, Bowling Green Jihad.  The facts that it (1) didn't happen, and (2) people assumed it was related to a travel ban, and (3) people are getting radicalized over the internet without having to travel at all, makes it like a perfect poll question to gauge how propagandized and full of shit poll responders are.
>  but you don't think it's equal if not more possible that, say, when kelly anne promoted Ivanka's clothing line she was just ignorant?Every single person who has passed seventh grade Social Studies knows you can't use the office of the President to promote products, shitty or otherwise.  I'm assuming, because she is a government official, that at some point, she passed middle school.This muppet works arm in arm with the President of the United States, and you believe she DIDN'T know what she was doing was against the law?  REALLY?So either she honestly didn't know and is completely ignorant of the laws of this country, making her woefully unprepared for her job, or she did know it was against the law and just didn't care because the laws don't apply to her or to the administration that she works for.Pick one.  Neither option bodes well.
It's gone.Its all gone.
>I'm not a big reader, okay?  Never been big on  and it's nothing against books, I think books are wonderful in the right hands, but I like my information, I like my information straight from the source and very to the point.  If I can't get one of my guys to give me the meaning in a sentence or two it's probably not even worth my time.  It's boring and it's not worth my time.  I don't want to waste time reading when I could be helping people.  I'm a busy man and I'm tremendously smart and I know what's in most books just by looking at the cover.
I am sure there are plenty of those.  However, please do not underestimate the power and danger of stupid in real people.  I know people personally (relatives even) who think and say the EXACT shit T_D says, and they are not doing it for the lulz.  There is some weapons grade stupid on the loose in this country and at the rate things are going it is only going to get worse.
It's like that on purpose. It's not a Trump supporters subreddit, it's a Trump ~~cult of personality~~ 24/7 rally
> I'm convinced most in t_d are trolls or joining in for the lulz.Whether or not they're trolls is nearly a meaningless distinction on that sub; those who start off 'just trolling' gradually begin to drink the koolaid and start to *genuinely* believe the crap they spout, and those who genuinely support Trump start to pick up 'trollish' tactics like using ingenuous arguments, or knowingly supporting convenient lies, or dismissing inconvenient truths as fake news. (On that sub, anyway; if you catch a T_D user off that sub, *sometimes* you can have a normal discussion. The way T_D is modded deliberately discourages actual discussion of issues)Trolling *is* the 'genuine, sincere ideology' of that sub, and to a certain extent, Trump's whole movement; people like Conway, and Trump himself, use a similar mix of 'trolling' tactics (like pretending to believe obvious lies or holding others to ridiculous standards while dismissing normal standards as 'ridiculous' when they're used against you), as well as sincere beliefs, to the point where 'truth', 'lies', 'genuine beliefs', 'trolling', and even 'dumb shit I said by mistake' (like the Bowling Green stuff) all become essentially the same thing.
Bill Gates is actually non-partisan fyi.
Fox. Rush Limbaugh. 
http://i.imgur.com/MwEAvow.jpg
Gnaw.
> And then along they all come, all the 80 million upright Germans, and each one has his decent Jew. [mockingly] They say: all the others are swine, but here is a first-class Jew. Heinrich Himmler, Posen, 1943I know I'm being cheeky as fuck throwing that one in here, but it's far from uncommon for people to exempt personal acquaintances from their otherwise overbearing and negative groupthink. To your co-worker, you're his decent Jew. 
They are brainwashed, pure and simple. The propaganda they parrot does not align with their actual day-to-day experience, ie. that they know women and liberals who they actually like. But, when confronted with this discrepancy, instead of questioning the propaganda, they just brush the contradiction aside by saying you're just an exception.
Reminds me of this:[Do the Right Thing - Racist Stereotypes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLYTObRhcSY)
Freedom for financial institutions ended in a great something or other.  Either way... It was great... Ha ha
It's really just 4chan but with karma. It's literally exactly the kind of stuff you'd see there.
https://youtu.be/GInZ4oQhhzESome more Alex Jones gold.They turned the frikkin frogs gay!
this isn't even close to the craziest shit he's said and that millions of his followers believe
>If Trump *could* not lie...
To be fair, most of us have blind spots. I mean, I can't watch a Michael Keaton movie and enjoy it because I have an irrational blind hatred for Michael Keaton (no, not even Birdman! Not even the old Batman movies! I fast-forward through his parts in Beatlejuice!) because I have hated his face since I was a kid and the first Keaton movie I saw was Mr. Mom). That's just less damaging to society than what happens when you have an irrational blind hatred for Hillary Clinton. But it's equally as stupid. 
He always said he loved the poorly educated. Do they understand why yet?
Self reflection is for suckers.
>He worked for free to build a boat to house all the other creatures, for free. He's basically working for free for The State (i.e. god).>Communist. No he is working hard in the present (with a small help from daddy) to make a better future for himself. In the meantime he is making sacrifices.  So he is a capitalist. Period. Any one who equates Noah to communist is fake news and a direct assualting on the white god. /S 
what's the big deal? Couple of World Wars and we will know history truly does repeat itself.
The Oranges of Totalitarianism 
It's THE work on Totalitarianism too. It's long and dense but you should really read it. 
I live in Arkansas, for me this is simply going outside.
Straight out of The Ministry of Truth.  Trumpies are busy burning all the papers and rewriting them right now mentally.
>The ideal subject of totalitarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the dedicated communist, but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction, true and false, no longer exists.>Before mass leaders seize the power to fit reality to their lies, their propaganda is marked by its extreme contempt for facts as such,Same source.
He also criticized Obama for saying it's not optimal if 4 Americans get killed, then described the death of a Navy Seal as a success.
If you look at the people who post on TD, a lot of them are people who constantly talk on that subreddit about how much they love Donald, unironically, and literally never post anywhere else on reddit.  A lot of it may have been ironic or trying to sell something at first, but it's become a completely closed off echo chamber that is making itself increasingly obsessed with this cult of personality, in a literal and serious way.   It's just unashamed, unambiguous cultlike worship of The Great Leader, of a kind I'd never thought I'd see in America.  
Fatpeoplehate members can't support trump. He's a textbook tv binging landwhale
There's no reason to answer Agree if you don't think it's real.
>But Schwartz believes that Trumps short attention span has left him with a stunning level of superficial knowledge and plain ignorance. He said, Thats why he so prefers TV as his first news sourceinformation comes in easily digestible sound bites. He added, I seriously doubt that Trump has ever read a book straight through in his adult life. During the eighteen months that he observed Trump, Schwartz said, he never saw a book on Trumps desk, or elsewhere in his office, or in his apartment.-The guy who wrote Trumps book
>weapons grade stupidThis is perfect. I'm going to steal this for future use if you don't mind. 
Plus, I don't think he plays an active role in Microsoft anymore, right? He just owns stake in it, being the founder and all.
He still has a political affiliation. He may not be partisan but he is registered.
Breitbart and Milo. 
Or naw?
That guy on the line, who just slides past the crazy. 
Well, to be fair, you are being totally reasonable.Michael Keaton is indeed terrifying and he has the face of an evil, evil man. People only say they like him because they are so afraid.
Sounds like world war has already repeated itself, once. 
Followed shorty by its sequel, The Grapes of Wrath.
*sigh*, Arkansas.
People (rightfully) villainize the Nazi's, but there was a general public of good people who sat by and let that regime take hold. 
He also criticized Obama for using so many executive orders and then broke the record for most EOs in the first week, he criticized Obama for taking the weekend to get settled before starting his presidential work after the inauguration (then trump took the weekend off before starting), criticized Hillary for being close to wall Street and then pandered to Wall Street, and so on, and so on. But somehow he's doing things differently and not just a typical politician. 
Most probably don't venture out of their subreddit now because it has become increasingly evident how wrong Trump is on most things. They spew their opinion and instantly get shut down by literal facts and sources completely dismantling their arguments. Then they NEVER respond again, unless it's in the form of verbal abuse, to which I assume they just rightly get banned.
I'm pretty sure they create alternate accounts to post in T_D so they don't get called out or massively downvoted on their main accounts when people see their posting history.
I dunno, have you been to /r/pyonyang?
It's going to be very ... interesting ... when this whole thing goes off a cliff for them.
Fatpeoplehate people didn't hate fat people though, they were just using it as an outlet to be awful.
So, he's a true representative of the American people then?
I also like 'black tar stupid' for when there's a risk of legal overdose
He is sort of Satya's (CEO) advisor. His part is not huge but he does still play a role. 
Oh yes, I'm behind the time. And The Blaze or Drudge. 
*He's* a neo-fascist gay man with a big mouth and the looks of an aging twink. *He's* a corpse. *Breitbart and Milo*. Coming this fall to a theater near you.  
If you thought the sequel was crazy, wait till you see the 3rd one!
Not to mention right now he's on his third (!) vacation and he hasn't been in office for even a month 
This is how it is even outside of reddit. In just the last month I've had two people block me on facebook for giving a factual, cited, well written refutation to some nonsense they started spouting. 
Sorry, I have been banned from /r/pyongyang
What's likely to happen is that the less devoted members will lose the faith and fade away, but those who are left will just get more and more obsessive over time, no matter what happens.
I joined the_meltdown hoping this was going to be the case last year.
> I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.*Albert Einstein*
The third one always sucks :( 
well nowadays the third part of the trilogy is usually split into two parts. Probably WW3.2 will just be a bunch of nomadic cannibals fighting over the last non-radioactive freshwater supply
If only Valve were in charge of history.
Life as president is easy when you've got bannon and pence to do the actual work. 
To be fair, I hear he hates his job.
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
> Im thinking another Kent State might be the only solution protest stopped after only one death, Adamini wrote on Facebook. They do it because they know there are no consequences yet.> He also tweeted: Violent protesters who shut down free speech? Time for another Kent State perhaps. One bullet stops a lot of thuggery.
Does he understand the government the lost at Kent State?
He makes clear he doesn't regret what he said only that it's causing trouble and that's why he's resigning.Just another reminder of right wing violence being accepted by their party as a default option. They always stand up for police shooting unarmed minorites. They cheer on the terrorists in Quebec, Charleston, and Minnesota who open fire on innocent people because of their right wing ideology. Just another reason their pearl clutching about nazis getting punched is a fraud.
Fuck this guy for everything he stands for. Literally advocating for citizens to be killed by their own government. The anti protest sentiment in this country is horrible. 
>I have always been intent on being helpful to anyone I associate with, and at the moment, all the hatred and anger and threats are being directed not only to me, but to other members of the party, Adamini told the Marquette Mining Journal. Its made it impossible for me to be helpful. The desire to not be a distraction and a hindrance to the work of the party is what prompted me to do this.Of course, he's the victim here and is now suffering for the good of his people.
*Tin soldiers and Nixon's comin'....*Just change Nixon to Trump and the song still holds up pretty well.
So they've attacked our voting system, the justice system, the legal system... and now they want to simply start shooting people in the streets for protesting against it. I am not sure I could hate these people and their hate of our great nation any more than I do right now. And yet, I know this is going to continue for at least another 18 months (tops, IMO). 
Radical. Republican. Terrorism.Call it what it is.
A Republican suffered actual consequences for saying something horrible? This isn't the America I know!
better stay resigned. not like that west virginia woman pamela taylor who was quietly reinstated to her position.
This is my neck of the woods, I've knocked a ton of doors and registered hundreds of voters in Marquette County. Dan Adamini is an embarrassment. Good riddance. 
Amazing how rather than taking responsibility for his words and actions, he's blaming the fact that he is resigning on the backlash which was a direct result of them.
Why would he resign? This is the age of Trump, you don't have to hold yourself accountable for your words anymore. The president has said *much* worse, and we don't do anything about *him*
One of my college classmate's mom was shot at Kent State. Fuck this guy.  
>I have always been intent on being helpful to anyone I associate with, and at the moment, all the hatred and anger and threats are being directed not only to me, but to other members of the party, Adamini told the Marquette Mining Journal. Its made it impossible for me to be helpful. The desire to not be a distraction and a hindrance to the work of the party is what prompted me to do this.What the actual fuck. No acknowledgement that what he said was fucked up. Just, I like helping people and all this unfair heat I'm getting for my remarks is making it impossible for me to help so I'm stepping down!. It never ceases to astound me how shamelessly right wingers play the victim. It's as if they are speaking another language entirely. 
In his resignation statement he reverts to the second radical christian/republican trope - victimhood.
Imagine all of the tolerant left outrage we'd be hearing from the right if this was a Democratic offical. 
One down, many many more to go. Resist. 
[deleted]
See, this is exactly what I'm talking about when I say I will never tolerate when Repubs say both sides do it whenever they are forced to admit that one of their own is wrong.  Sure, there are crazies on both the right and the left.  But leftist crazies are stuck out on street corners holding sandwich boards or are just the loudmouth protester at a rally.  But rightwing nutjobs are official spokespeople, elected officials, media bigwigs and other leadership.  Not just the know-it-all at the corner bar -- these are the people in charge of the Republican party and major media outlets who say this absurdist stuff.   
Let's have another Trump University instead. You know, where he gets called out on one of his scams and has to pay tens of millions of dollars to his victims.
Republicans should be encouraged to speak out like this. Because then if anything happens to them, we can just label it self defense. You see officer, there was nothing else we could do. That GOP official was coming straight for us.*cackles evilly*
Good. That was fucked up.
you want to know the real reason he resigned? so every single 2018 and 2020 republican incumbent wouldn't have to defend accusations that he's still in office and that the republican party agrees with his opinion.
Why did he resign?Don't we need *more* politicians who are willing to say what they're really thinking?Edit: this is /s, people!
I wonder how his supporters would react to someone saying a bullet would stop his thuggery....
I'm glad Kent state gets more mention. I thought it was being censored from the media in preparation for the Dakota Pipeline invasion. 
Some of the protestors turned violent is an unsubstantiated statement. Some men in black, who were not locals, and not students, got violent. Breitbart is just as likely to have instigated the violence for ratings as protesters, who are trained in nonviolence. Protestors understand that only nonviolent protests are effective. Bad actors who come in and start violence at protests are undermining activists. They revel in shit like this. It's a win for them. 
*aloha means goodbye!*
At first I was thinking of this through the lens of it being such a ridiculous political blunder - like why he would think this was an acceptable idea to express. Then I was like wait, why would someone be angry enough at people who are just protesting a speaker coming to campus that he would fantasize about them being mowed down in a campus shooting?
Good fucking riddance to bad trash.
Good!
Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
[Nice Work](http://i.imgur.com/IrQS5Hl.jpg)
What a dick
I always want to make sure I understand things. Let's see here, the Republican party wants policies that the American people hate enough to protest about and this moron thinks we should be put in our places with bullets. Seems he speaks for his party fairly clearly. Good to see him gone and the rest can go with him. Bet the next two election cycles fix a bunch of this crap.
Seriously what the fuck is wrong with these people?  We should have absolutely no respect for people like this and anyone who supports them.  
bye bitch
Holy shit.  It's like Michigan lost a dick measuring contest with Ohio last semester at the frat gala.   
Yeah, let that fat fucker try
Read an article on this when it came out and was expecting his resignation. Thought it would have come sooner 
It sounds like he fundamentally misunderstands how modern protest works. Shooting down protesters in the streets when there would be pictures and video of it everywhere would only strengthen the movement and bring more in to the cause. Prime example look at Euromaiden, the shooting of all those unarmed protesters was the final straw that made the government force the president to step down.
I'm not sure why any GOP members would want the protests to end, they aren't going to help get democrats elected, look what happened in Wisconsin with the protests and walker recall, they backfired in every way possible, walker won the recall by more than he won his first election for gov, let them riot and burn things and beat unconscious people with bats, it will only hurt their cause, we should learn from Nixon and trump as both were elected because my of riots in Chicago.
according to the left you can beat some one up as long as you call them a nazi and swear allegiance to the progressive agenda 
Another asshole who is very free and easy with the the blood of others.
No different than what Trump has said...most conservative politicians are vile pieces of shit. were going to waterboard, and were going to do a hell lot more than just that, **even if it doesn't work** - Trump.       when terrorists say they don't care about their own lives, you need to take out their families - Trump.     This statement is just more of the same, they really do want innocents to die, they admit it all the time. 
Do note: two of the four victims of the Kent State shootings (Sandra Scheuer and William Knox Schroeder) were not protesting but simply walking between classes.Also, even from a purely pragmatic standpoint, Adamini  is wrong. [The Kent State shootings caused more protests nationwide.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent_State_shootings#Aftermath_and_long-term_effects)
Doesn't this guy understand that Kent State actually powered up the protest movements?
Pretty fucked up.   One of my professors in college is partially blind due to being hit in the eyes with acid gas during the Kent State Riots.  He was a bystander.   
One resignation stops a lot more thuggery. An impeachment would do as well.
> protest stopped after only one death?Four people were killed at Kent State...This Rip Taylor looking fuck doesn't even know what he's taking about. And consequences for protesting? He can go FUCK himself.
Seriously, fuck that guy. He's what's wrong with the modern GOP. And remember, Jeff Sessions was too racist for a judgeship in 1986, but just racist enough to be the AG in 2017. Let that sink in a moment. 
Go ahead, Adamini, start a gunfight with a population that owns 360 million guns.
I was in a thread recently being told by another redditor that it's acceptable to drive through crowds of hostile protesters if they're on the road, and that if they're holding signs, they could be used as weapons.Sadly this thought process isn't confined to GOP Officials.
The upper Peninsula is just a bad place
No, because on the Facebook the republicans *never* lose.
Kent State was very popular in the alternative fact historical timeline which Republicans use. 
The lost what?
Pretty sure to these people, anytime liberals are murdered it's good. I think we understimate how quickly Republicans would jump to lead a fascist state beholden to Russia provided it meant that Republicans got to be in power in perpetuity. The only things these people care about is power, and silencing their critics.
[removed]
gop republican zealots enforce their own ideological Sharia law. eccept theirs is okay. 
> Quebec, Charleston, and MinnesotaDid I miss something that happened in my state? Am I forgetting something?
I want to ask these people why they hate America and the Constitution. 
The day is soon coming when someone *like* this guy, but with the authority to give the order to fire, will do give that order.  Bannon is allegedly trying to goad protestors to this point.  Trump doesn't realize that, once this happens, there is no turning back, though I think that's exactly what Bannon wants--chaos and anarchy.  
What do you think about the (not so) thinly veiled threats toward Trump?
I don't even...If I were in Michigan I'd be very keen to have a talk with this guy. This is really quite sickening, and  that quote about the party is seriously disturbing. These people truly are fascist and I guess they might not even know it.
They've always been the most snowflakey, easily offended, eagerly self-victimized bunch.
Seriously fuck this guy
Iama Soros paid troll tasked with defaming t/d. One of my accounts is a mod, and I make 220 a week. AMA?
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. -JFK
They're the enemy. It's time we start treating them that way.
I hate to tell you, you're going to hate these people a lot more in the future.  They're going to earn every bit of your hate.  Sadly.
We are quite emphatically at a democracy vs. fascism tipping point. The Republicans would gladly become a fascist state so long as it meant they got to hold power indefinitely. They are willing to do anything they can get away with to achieve that end.
If it's police, National Guard or army following orders to shoot civilians, it's called _tyranny_.Call it what it is.
Let's not count our chickens yet. He'll probably be hired back quietly next week like the WV govt official who called Michelle Obama an ape in heels on social media. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/309992-wv-official-who-lost-job-over-racist-michelle-obama-remark
She actually got fired again, this time for good:http://metro.co.uk/2016/12/28/official-who-called-michelle-obama-an-ape-in-heels-has-been-fired-again-6347210/
Thanks for getting involved.  Good for you!!
Kinda wish we could give y'all over to wisconsin 
Are there any DNC officials anywhere near as stupid at this guy? You have to consider the possibility the GOP have achieved a monopoly on stupidity.
Yeah, that sounds like a BS claim. I've watched his speeches to understand the type of person he is and what he believes and that isn't his style at all. Sounds like a BS claim in order to justify the level of reaction to his appearance.
The thing is, comparing a bush republican to a Clinton democrat that is almost true.The Republican Party has just been turned up to 11 the last 7-8 years or so.
Wanna bet he ends up with a position in the Trump reelection campaign in Michigan in a few years?
Exactly, all this PC bullshit forcing these good public servants from officejust like those two lovely women in West Virginia. People have rights to their opinions and should be able to say whatever they think without anyone saying anything back. All opinions are equal. Free speech. This is the very reason Trump won. /s
Or just remove him from the gene pool.
Elections take a lot of work. Democrats haven't managed nearly enough work during the past 4 (2010 on). Don't just assume 2018 and 2020 will be different.
Its almost like a minority of random fucking idiots on the left is not as serious as a GOP Official who has actual power suggesting the murder of innocent people as a good solution to stop people protesting.
If you're a nazi I'll do more than punch ya. And yea, that mother fucker is a nazi and deserves worse.
That's so true. Who cares that some poor person dies, they're defying my authority!
The tolerant right.
> No different than what Trump has said...Which is probably why he felt bold enough to say it. These ppl think they're invincible now that someone as sociopathic as them is in charge.
On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump.On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.You in?Former GOP congressman before  Trump was elected. Funny how the GOP who hate all these protests and are so with law and order were on the verge of armed rebellion before the election. I also remember the stories of armed trump supporters talking about patrolling polling stations hunting for illegal voters. I always get a kick out of their victim complex when conservatives have repeatedly threatened to use gun violence to enforce their opinions, asking for police brutality to silence state critics, and begging for prison sentences for flag burning. No wonder Trump's nostalgia about punching dissenters and dragging them out on stretchers resonated so well.
republicans have a nasty habit of saying that we should kill fellow americans that they disagree with. remember the congressman in texas that said they should shoot californians on site? how about the map of congressman with bullseyes on their faces sarah palin kept up until one of her supporters attempted to kill the congresswoman from Nevada? Trump's public statement that the NRA people can stop Hillary clinton? when Ted Cruz and Huckabee apeared next to the murder the gays pastor? its just a trend in conservative thought.
also please remember he has already killed the 8 year old daughter of a terrorist in Yemen, along with dozens of civilians 
[Trump also said this about Tiananman Square in 1990](https://www.indy100.com/article/donald-trump-has-praised-the-chinese-government-over-tiananmen-square-as-well-as-kim-jongun--Wk35kIvHhg) ->When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it. Then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength. That shows you the power of strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak... as being spit on by the rest of the world.[And last year said this when asked about that 1990 interview](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/mar/11/donald-trump-tiananmen-square-china-playboy-interview) ->On Thursday night, asked about his view of the Chinese government, Trump said: That doesnt mean I was endorsing that. I said that was a strong, powerful government. They kept down the riot, it was a horrible thing.
> were going to waterboard, and were going to do a hell lot more than just that, **even if it doesn't work** - Trump.I cannot find this quote anywhere on the internet. Please don't post fake things, it only hurts our credible efforts. EDIT: I love how I'm downvoted for this. Guys. We're fighting against people who claim everything is fake. It doesn't help our cause if we ourselves post fake things. Then they can point at it and say SEE?! WE WERE RIGHT! FAKE!.This isn't a real quote. It should not be posted as if it were a real quote. 
>when terrorists say they don't care about their own lives, **you need to take out their families** - Trump.    That is literally terrorism. He wants the US to adopt terror tactics. 
> Also, even from a purely pragmatic standpoint, Adamini is wrong.Let him be. He's only radicalizing people to our side.
I can't imagine the response from the public right now if the government did this again. Things are hot right now. It would be open, violent rebellion.
> Doesn't this guy understand Let me just stop you right there. no,  no he does not
I mean, it's not like there's a popular song about it or anything. From a popular band at the time like, I don't know, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. 
Yeah. My dad was an undergrad at the UW at the time and he still talks about the protests they had after Kent state
Man, I hope he sued and got millions.
> Four people were killed at Kent State...It says so right in the song.
They did that day, that was the beginning of the end of the war.  If such and event occurs they will burn down Trump's America.
Unfortunately, they don't lose that often off of the Facebook either.
They silenced a few individuals by killing them. To fascists, that's a win. 
This was the beginning of the end of the government's war.
The_Donald needs no defaming. They self defame. Stop the spam please.
This is really amazing. Why is Trump so opposed to Navy Seals?http://www.mensjournal.com/adventure/articles/republican-white-house-aide-and-navy-seal-james-waters-speaks-out-against-trump-w432500And our incredibly great public universities.  It's time to start investing in America again. Team Trump  is really dedicated to taking away what makes America great aren't they.
Christian Sharia is a term being used more, now.(Except theirs is okay.  ftfy)
I assume you're talking about Minnesota since it was less prominent than the others.>Scarsella and three other men, all wearing face masks, went into an encampment outside a police station in north Minneapolis to livestream Black Lives Matter protests that had closed down a city block. Scarsella, who has a permit to carry a concealed weapon, brought a .45-caliber handgun and fired at demonstrators in what his attorneys say was self-defense. Prosecutors cited a number of texts Scarsella had sent to friends about shooting black peoplehttps://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-black-lives-matter-protesters-shooting-verdict-20170201-story,amp.htmlRight winger opened fire on a peaceful BLM protest. Notice how this act of right wing racist terrorism got no media attention almost at all. 
Because big brother says so, of course. 
They're traitors. They showed it plain as day during the election. There is no one so low that they won't tolerate them as long as they get what they want. They have no real values other than having power. 
It pays well. 
I just hope a terrorist attack doesn't happen while Trump is president. The repercussions will be crazy. 
This is my liberal bias speaking, but where?
Fascist is synonymous with bad. Why would anyone admit to being bad? Even real life fascists actually believed in what they were doing. Nobody thinks they're the bad guy, except some really, truly messed up folks.Key insight this election: bad people get to vote, too. And there's more than I thought.
Why would Soros need trolls after he rigged all those voting machines so Hillary would win?
Only $220?! You're getting played, comrade. The Kremlin is paying $6000* a month for trolls make America great again!! *Rubles not dollars
Where can I sign up?
Show us receipts, pay stubs, correspondence.What am I saying? I'm talking like there's a chance you're not full of shit.
No you're not.
Man you're underpaid.
This is funny, because you're *actually* a shill. I highly doubt you're being paid though.
Fuck JFK was such a well of quotes.  I hadn't even heard of this one before.  Love it
You're probably right. All I ever hear from my Trump supporting family is how I think I'm better than them because I use big words and have a piece of paper.
anything can happen between now and then, might as well play the lottery as to bet on something that far away.  it's not a he won't ever see office again as opposed to a you're making life hard on more than just a couple of our people argument.
It doesn't work the same way because the right is intolerant by design  :/
I'm from Michigan and just for the sake of clarity our politicians didn't wait to be emboldened by Trump to act like assholes. They've been one of the worst state government by a number of measures for a while now. I'll let you guess who's been in charge. 
http://www.npr.org/2016/11/21/502871948/on-waterboarding-a-president-trump-could-face-resistance-from-some-republicans qoute is in the article though he says it works.
Yeah, that doesn't seem to be an actual quote. Closest I could find was [an oped Trump wrote a year ago](http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2016/02/15/donald-trump-torture-enhanced-interrogation-techniques-editorials-debates/80418458/) about torture and waterboarding, in which he said:> Though the effectiveness of many of these methods may be in dispute, nothing should be taken off the table when American lives are at stake. The enemy is cutting off the heads of Christians and drowning them in cages, and yet we are too politically correct to respond in kind.which makes it pretty clear that Trump's justification for torture is simply to be the meaner guy, not to achieve any intelligence end.
No I'm fine with it, it's barely a stretch on what he said anyway. You don't get to play dirty on the right and then demand purity on the left.
I agree with the sentiment, but radicalizing is the wrong word, it implies that being anti-authoritarian or being liberal (depending on your definition of our side) is radical.
Opposing Trump should be regarded as a sensible thing well within the political mainstream. Most people who do so aren't radical, and that's fine. Trump and the GOP are the ones with a radical and fucked up vision for the country.
[deleted]
They shut I5 down for quite some time, right?
Was it that prick claiming to be a soros shill to defame r/donnie_boy as if they don't do that themselves
[removed]
> I assume you're talking about Minnesota Yep.> Notice how this act of right wing racist terrorism got no media attention almost at all.I live fairly closeby, never heard of it.
Fuck, even Quebec was essentially ignored. I wonder how many Americans are even aware of it?I'm sure that there are many more on the right who don't know anything about the Quebec massacre, but sure as shit know about the Bowling Green Massacre
And they continue to show it by supporting this sham Russian power grab government 
Truly messed up people like Steve Bannon.
How much are rubles worth compared to diamonds? Red is my favorite color anyway.
Law, order and extrajudicial executions of protestors?
> They've been one of the worst state government by a number of measures for a while now.Those politicians didn't magically appear.  Blame your fellow citizens.
I miss Granholm.
Michigan is even worse than Wisconsin? That makes me sad. I used to be from that area. :(
Right. See. The thing about quotes is that you're not allowed to change the words to have the exact opposite meaning. Otherwise it becomes fake. 
I'm going on a Jihad for Human Rights against this administration.Who's with me?!!
Radical is appropriately used here. Leftist anti-authoritarians typically subscribe to being radical, and the word's long political history really doesn't denote being unreasonable or anything. 
The word 'radicalization' itself bears a wrongful presumption, just like terrorism or rioter. In this modern case, all it means is that as the GOP reveals itself to be more and more stupid, many moderates and former independents are turning blue and taking on more socialist values. Which is for the best as long as we remain pragmatic and open to fact-based discussions. Our current system rewards lobbyists, sycophants, and Trump. Obviously some change is needed.
'Four dead in Ohio is pretty fuckin' specific.   Your podcast is full of crap.  Also, how does Tin soliders and Nixon's coming apply to Manson in *any possible way*?
Yeah, though that was when my dad turned back. 
> yes 220 a week, and only 6-8 hoursFrom the oil lobby. 
Too little pay for me to bite.
> I live fairly closeby, never heard of it.Think itll make Trumps list of underreported incidents?
Quebec was on the national news for two days, not much but not nothing by our news cycle standards.
I don't know how many times I have to say this, but I'm always going to blame the con artist before I blame the mark. Sure they could've voted for someone else, but those who do vote republican often do so because   republicans misrepresent themselves and on top of that, the districts here are drawn to favor keeping them in office.
That's exactly where they'd like you to place the blame.
He did say it. [At a rally in Columbus, Ohio](http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/trump-waterboarding-it-works-if-it-doesnt-work-they-deserve-it) in November 2015. He insisted that waterboarding works, and only a stupid person would say it doesn't work but If it doesn't work, they deserve it anyway, for what they're doing to us. [Video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWHpKWukEig&feature=youtu.be&t=75)
We need politically extremist moderates.
Amusingly, that's actually a jihad that would be considered valid.
To me radical means nothing more than willing to question fundamental assumptions when devising policy.
Found [some info](http://www.pophistorydig.com/topics/tag/i-5-protest-kent-state/), pretty amazing!
Terrorist: White dude.Victims: Non-White. Location: Democratic city.Answer: Fuck. No. 
Incidentally, Trump said nary a word about it, yet brayed and frothed at the mouth over the knife-wielding Muslim terrorist in Paris who killed nobody. Almost like there's a double-standard or something...
If you get conned over and over again, that's on you.Gerrymandering sucks, but that doesn't impact governors, the senate, or presidency.
How could anyone else be to blame?
Right. You're missing my point though. When you put quotation marks around something, that means it's an exact quote. He literally didn't say what the quotation marks are around. The OP should have done some effort and dug up the actual quote. 
They do exist, sort of.
That is what Obama was. 
I'm an extreme moderate, Mr. Rutledge. I believe anybody not in favor of moderation and compromise ought to be castrated... - Benjamin Franklin
 That's pretty fucked up. On a more personal level, know who's the most likely to end up in an abusive relationship? Someone who has already been abused. Same with cons. The more desperate you are, the stronger the desire to believe.
I'm pretty moderate. It's gotten annoying.  I call myself a liberal (because social issues) but I'm conservative about financial issues.  Which is ironic because I literally can't be a republican.  We need to raise taxes and cut spending to get a balanced budget.  That won't happen. So it's easier to just cheer for the Democrats while hoping we raise the retirement age.  That's all I've got for the next 2 years. 
I lean far left on most issues, like soc dems don't sate my thirst. But because I think less government spending is a noble goal for our current economic system everyone tells me Im a libertarian. No - I just think waste is a key problem. With our defense budget in particular. The people who want to cut social programs have no fucking clue where their money is going. For what we produce and earn, our lives should be the envy of the world by now. 
anarchist reporting in. i would posit that folks speaking here, attempting to find a real solution to our current political climate, are completely out-of-sync with our current political figures, who are actually more concerned with their own interests than the well-being or prosperity of this country. my goal, moving forward, is to stubbornly continue the same open resistance that republicans made situation normal under obama. my logic is, if We The People can soldier on for another four years of this kind of bullshit, the governing body we will inherit will have lost all appeal to those who consider politics as a means of achieving power...and as a result, we will finally have a chance to save this country. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because Flynn is a traitor. CIA doing their job, thank god.
Ladies and Gentlemen, as a reminder we are only three weeks in, and this is the point we are at already.
Please do not forget Obama fired Flynn and for good cause.
> A top deputy to National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was rejected for a critical security clearance, effectively ending his tenure on the National Security Council and escalating tensions between Flynn and the intelligence community. The move came as Flynns already tense relationships with others in the Trump administration and the intelligence community were growing more fraught after reports that Flynn had breached diplomatic protocols in his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
A week ago this motherfucker was ready to be the face of the new war against iran.What a fucking ride it's been..I know I am supposed to be afraid or concerned about what's going on, but I have to admit, ever since Breaking Bad ended, I haven't enjoyed a series of events as much.I am actually looking forward every day to reading the news to see whatever crazy shit is going on. It's becoming an addiction, still not sure whether it's a healthy or an unhealthy one.
That, my friends, is the sound of one man going under the bus.Let's hope it picks up speed.
There is absolutely no way that hordes of people won't lose their jobs or worse when this is all said and done. There is simply too much under the rug already
I think this story is the biggest one amid all the latest deluge - this is the first official broadside from the intelligence community at the administration.
He should be put on the no flynn list
It was somewhat comforting to know that Pompeo signed off on the clearance rejection.  Indicates there may be a couple people in the administration that aren't fuckups.
Nothing to see here. More along. CIA is fake news. 
Honestly, if traitors are discovered from this, the government damn well better come down full force on them. Nothing short of capital punishment will do.
Question: Is there any motivation for Pompeo to maintain allegiance to Trump? Because I imagine leading the organization that potentially uncovers the biggest political scandal in history has to be appealing. If Pompeo isn't pumping all available resources into investigating this, there must be a very strong financial incentive not to. Job security and political power would not really be factors. 
I suggest going on twitter and calling the intelligence community Nazis again, that will help smooth things out /s
Send him to a black site.   Goddamned traitor. 
Doesn't sound good for Flynn or trump. If the CIA is distancing themselves from Flynn it's for a dam good reason. Looking forward to the impeachment hearings. 
I feel like the Trump administration figured as long as they could dupe the public and delegitimize the media they would be in the clear!Seems they forgot about the intelligence community...
> Trump in a Friday afternoon gaggle aboard Air Force One said he was unaware of the report that Flynn had discussed the sanctions with the Russian but said he would look into that.Right. And the sky is green and it always snows on the 4th of July.
Republicans are now on record supporting treason and going against America's national security interests.Congrats.They will never, ever, be forgiven. Ever.
This fucker is going to get a burn notice soon.Calling it now.
Don't know if this has been mentioned, but Rachel Maddow pointed out that both NYT and WP stories on Flynn said the intel revealed that he started talking to the Russian ambassador BEFORE the election. 
Or...this is a diversionary narrative to distract from Trump's own ties and/or compromise from Russia.   Throw an aide and/or Flynn to the dogs and hope Trump's Russian ties are lost on the mess of it.This whole thing is a disgrace and really attests to how degraded the political landscape is in the US.  Trump should already be out on his ass, but the Repub party is so hypocritical and power hungry they don't want the fallout and are willing to subject the US to a piece of excrement in the oval office if it will serve their ends of bringing in insane theocratic and big money policies to shampoo the nuts of their benefactors.America has fallen so, so far and so fast.  Are there Americans who still genuinely believe it when they hear the mantra 'America  is the greatest nation on Earth?'  If so, I suggest confronting them with a simple 'Why, support that position with observable evidence.'  Maybe some will start to realize how far from the truth that statement really is and start to demand better of their nation.  Not just elected officials, but the propagandized drones who buy into their single issue bullshit political talking points.
The CIA IS COMING FOR THAT ASS
Good!
I can't believe I'm constantly on the CIA's side these days
I don't think this is going to be for long. Trump will fire these people and get his people in and we will never hear about things like this again.  I won't be surprise if the Russians infiltrate our government to the very top levels.  This is shit.
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL
My examination of the matter:First, the wapo article that first reported the alleged sanctions discussion cites the Logan Act of 1799 as the source of the law in violation.  Everyone citing treason has no understanding of the law or its history.  As for the Logan act, it has not ever been prosecuted, nor would it be easy to do so since defining what constitutes a negotiation vs one party unilaterally bringing up a subject being followed by a diplomatic reply.Second.  The article cites 9 anonymous officials most of whom are quoted in disagreement with each other about the nature of the conversation.  I find that alarming considering the nature of the claim. Finally. All sources cited by wapo state, with varying degrees of emphasis, that Flynn made no promises or agreements on the matter. At most, some sources said Flynn informed the Russian diplomat that sanctions could be reexamined once trump was in the White House. A seemingly innocuous and appropriate response, since the reexamination of policies is expected upon the arrival of a new White House.It seems to me that this is a depends on what your definition of 'is' is situation. Flynn said it wasn't discussed, that appears to be untrue. However, being brought up in discussion, and being discussed as a matter of negotiating is an important but impossible distinction to make absent hearing the actual conversation.  Especially considering the anonymous officials couldn't agree here.
Will Trump be able to stop the CIA?
Nothing to see if Flynn rolls on Trump.
Flynn will have to fall on the sword as a rogue individual who went too far wrt Russia.  Then the administration will want to wipe their hands of this.
Perhaps we will get to test Trump's theory on the success of water boarding 
Yeah, that's going to leave a mark.  
Nothing says trustworthy like having your security credentials revoked by the CIA and you're the National Security Advisor to the President.
Sounds like the intelligence community has more dirt on Flynn than they are prepared to release at the moment. 
It's implied in the phrase, levying war against them.
> Because Flynn is ~~a traitor.~~The fall guy.
A traitor no doubt.
http://i.imgur.com/6F3SdVu.jpg
So is fucking Trump. When are they going to freeze him out?
I can't even imagine the shit show going on behind the scenes at the CIA, NSA, and NRO when they prepare their briefings. Having to edit shit because the President and his aides can't be trusted. 
Why does this disqualify Flynn's aid?  He already has access to the best 'facts'.  If not, he can get them from any number of the smartest people.It's probably better this way.  The CIA was probably the leader of FAKE NEWS leaks, and is a failed organization.  Really, this is a win for Flynn!  Oh the winning, is it ever going to end?  Help me Time Cruise!  Use your witchcraft to stop the winning!  It's too much.
The CIA is one of the most undemocratic and secretive organizations in the world. They are publicly identified as overthrowing multiple South American regimes, participating in multiple wars in the middle east, and many other examples including drug running.They have caused massive amounts of good, and bad.Are you really protecting them? And advocating that outsiders should not see whats going on? Do you fee the criticism of the CIA is justified?Or do you believe the CIA is wholly good, and is above critique and reviews?
feels like its already been six months of this shit.
Yeah but Obama was a literal atheist-Muslim Socialist-communist who hated America and was constantly working to destroy it and was so lazy he always played golf instead of working. 
Normal President is opening up libraries, signing  highway bills, and basking in the glow of the honeymoon period. The friends you make early are the ones you'll need when things go to shit (and they always go to shit). This approach is... different. 
Can't believe they let it come this far. There were soo many indication shit wasn't right. 
At this rate, we're ALL going to go gray by the end of Trump's term.
/bangs head against wallIs it over yet? I'm so unbelievably *exhausted* at this point 
Imagine if people were as active at following at critiquing every move of Obama's as they are with Trump. Maybe we'd have a better version of the ACA and could have combated GOP obstructionism better.  
All the more reason Trump won't fire him until the bitter end...
Ok, but Obama literally did everything wrong so we need to do the exact opposite except when we are afraid what we are doing will be perceived as authoritarian in which case we need to compare it to what Obama did who we also called an authoritarian so we will do the opposite of whatever he did.
And so did Mattis.
Yeah he did and then Flynn became best buddies with the Russians.
I cannot wait to see how Trump insults the intelligence community over this.
Wow that's huge. 
How did Flynn get it? Or Bannon for that matter? 
Every morning is like http://m.imgur.com/IO6NJMu?r
I'm a Canadian and I'm addicted to this stuff. Case in point: I'm at work and I've been on r/politics for far too long.It's amazing just how quickly shit is hitting the fan.
Yeah, I don't see him interrupting Spicer's press briefing to put anyone on notice for awhile.
Even high school kids are getting into politics now!   Exciting times. 
Remember when Obama fired Flynn with cause?  It's almost as if that kind of guy shouldn't be given another job, and yet...
>A week ago this motherfucker was ready to be the face of the new war against iran.A week? The guy tried to blame Benghazi on Iran
You're right. But I feel like Breaking Bad built a little slower. This is more like 24.
No brakes on this bus!
He already made John Kelly take the blame for his Muslim Ban so this is at least #2.
If the bus goes below 60 mph then Bowling Green will explode
Sean spicer is saving himself by getting out!
The CIA and FBI were always going to cut Flynn out of the picture. He's been a liability since before the RNC convention. 
This was not a political thing. I know the person in question personally, and the CIA had good cause to reject his clearance. NSC or not, the guy is just a civilian and is not above the law.
Isn't Pompeo the one who recently said Snowden should be executed?
I checked you're comment history. If you don't put a :/ people won't know you're being sarcastic. SAD!
My money is on personal vendetta
I haven't read to much into this but it sounds like there is proof that this guy 100% commited treason. How can he not be arrested and sentenced to death?
CIA decision-making process on most things are also fairly well-insulated from the Director's direct influence.  They've been used as a political force before, and have built in a lot of safeguards to protect themselves from overt political interference.  The President and the Director set their high-level agenda, but they rarely have the ability to put direct pressure on specific decisions.  This is very often a terrible thing rather than a good thing, but it does limit the damage an administration can do to the agency itself.
I think the real connection there is the link to Bannon and the Christian Dominionists. Pompeo's first speech as incoming CIA director was about the inevitable holy war with muslims. Hooo boy. Pompeo also openly stated that he wants to keep the black sites open, and he likes torture. Trump probably likes that, but who knows how much trump is running the show since he can barely read. He a pretty strict party line GOP guy, so it's really up to McConnell and Ryan. I've wondered how long the GOP can use trump before discarding him to protect themselves in midterms and 2020. They've gotten some pretty decent mileage out of him on destroying environmental protections, killing Planned Parenthood funding, gutting the EPA and gagging scientists. I suspect that Pompeo will listen to the GOP leadership on the appropriate time to expose trump. 
>Question: Is there any motivation for Pompeo to maintain allegiance to Trump?  Trump could fire him.  Other than that?  None whatsoever.  
Wouldn't that be something, Trump and his cohorts get sent to one of the black sites that he reactivated.  
Agree. The idea that Flynn would take an independent action to make a deal with Russia to give trump 19% of Rosnoft in exchange for lifting sanctions is patently absurd. No one makes deals like that without the primary person of the deal being involved and fully aware. Looking forward to the impeachment hearings. 
Hope he doesn't end up somewhere as nice as Miami...
So did this president, 'round the time Putin was recruiting guys like Steven Seagall and Mickey Rourke for publicity stunts. What a return!
Well, we still are arguably the greatest country on earth and I think if the progressives have a strong electoral victory we will be undoubtedly the best country on earth within 8 years.It pisses me off to no end how close we are to it, the resources are there but because of bullshit religious and sociopathic rich people we are being held out.
Switggity swooty, we're extracting that booty!
They probably have for like 2 years now. 
Honestly the Logan Act should be unenforceable based on the legal concept of Desuetude, a claim that a criminal statute has lapsed because it has never been enforced.
CIA can stop him and nobody will ever find out.
Loyalty goes out real quick when you could potentially face prison time.
Traitor.  I'm betting not the only one.  But most likely the only one to go down.  Unless he chooses to talk.But he betrayed the American people when he negotiated with a foreign power as a private citizen; without the American government's permission.And then lied about it to US Intelligence...
There's likely more than one. Will be interesting to see if Flynn gets a deal to give up bigger fish.
Still a traitor even if he's not the only one.
I think Flynn is going to be the first casualty of the Trump white house. I really think he was just put in by Trump as the initial choice because Trump likes him, expect whoever replaces him to be much worse.
I want to know more about the dude they froze out. You would imagine anybody put in place by Flynn would be sitting up nights reading Alex Jones, convinced there are ISIS training camps in south Texas. Don't you know these real intel veterans are laughing their asses off at what this administration is trying to pass off as aides. 
[Michael Flynn is a threat to our national security](http://m.imgur.com/a/neagp).
They already have, I thought.
While I definitely have disagreements with the CIA and their history of imforeign interference, I'll take the CIA over an agent of of the Russian government any day. 
At this point, the CIA, FBI, etc, which are all somewhat horrible entities, are also our only hope at removing the Trump admin from the White House. Enemy of my enemy..
I think you can support their actions here without saying they are wholly good or bad. Absolutism wrt a spy agency is foolhardy and needlessly reductive. Shades of grey are vital here. I will say this, I believe the CIA has done many bad things but that those bad things were done with the belief that it was the best thing for the US at the time. Now, I know I don't agree with that assessment in many instances but I won't argue that someone else didn't sincerely believe that they were doing what they felt was necessary and to serve the USA's best interests, even though it went against her ideals. 
The CIA are calling out clear illegal activity.  They are highlighting a link between the US President and one of his intelligence advisors who also has illegally colluded with a foreign power.We ALL have known this happened since December - and the Republican Party in power ignored it.  The CIA did not.  I am merely grateful for this.
- The CIA is secretive and undemocratic. Outsiders should see what's going on.- Supports the guy who won't release his tax records. Outsiders should not see what's going on. Supports the guy who lies about winning the popular vote democratically. Pick one.
Silver lining: this perpetually unfolding clusterfuck has been great for my breakup. Relationship of ~2 years ended just before the inauguration and yeah, it feels like it happened 6 months ago.
Bill Maher said we're experiencing this administration in dog years. The fatigue is real.EDIT: Shit I'm not even American and I am definitely feeling it.
It feels like he's been President since his campaign picked up steam. At least we avoided emails!!!
I bet it feels even longer to Trump. No way a healthy man of that age could deal with this level of stress and anger for 4 years, and Trump is far from healthy.
You could write a series of books just on this first couple of weeks of his presidency. 
I've already run out of popcorn, and am heading to the restaurant supply company to pick up a few pallets worth!
Honestly can't tell if sarcastic, too many people think like this.
You forgot *gay*.
> The friends you make early are the ones you'll need when things go to shitThis is the only thing keeping me somewhat optimistic. The Dumpster Fire has pissed off so many people in so many sectors of government that I'm sure only a precious (and rapidly declining) few would be willing to fall on a sword for him. More likely most everyone is just going to let him burn.
[I feel like this is going to be me within the next six months.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG8d0x1WcAc)
Already bald, checking in
... you serious here? You think Obama was like ah no one is looking, let me pull the public option from the ACA
Obama's campaign and administration weren't infiltrated by foreign moles and traitors. People watch Trump so closely because they are terrified at each move he takes.
Well Obama was heavily critiqued for being inexperienced and being worse at dealing with Congress than Hillary (Karl Rove ordered Republican congressmen to stop working with her as she was quite effective), it played out as so, but not like some hysterical types predicted.  However assuming Obama would've gotten a few hundred thousand votes in the Michigan primary if he was on the ballot, he was (by a whisker) the choice of Democrat primary voters.  
It wasn't until word 30 that I realized you were serious.
that is a laughable idea
The whole point of a functioning government is ordinary people aren't supposed to worry about what their elected representatives are up to. When the system is working as it's supposed to, nobody notices. The difference between then and now is Barack Obama is a fucking adult, and 45 is mad because a girl made fun of his press secretary on tv. The reason people are actively following his actions is because since day one it's been a complete shit show.Republicans dug their own grave with the ACA and they're just now realizing if they break it, they pay for it. They have nobody to blame but themselves.
It's sad when you can predict the outcome due to understanding Trumps issues.  Every leader in the world can too.
Trump also won't fire anyone (visible) because of momentum, he held off push back on his non-divestment and lack of a blind trust and now he manages to whinge about Nordstrom, if he allows windows into influencing him or showing that scrutiny of his staff will lead to outings he knows it will be his undoing. The court decision on the executive order is pissing him off particularly for this reason (IMHO) as it emboldens all sorts of legal challenges. If he fires Spicer he'll say something like that he was a RNC guy who was a temporary Press Sec whilst trump evaluated other people like Omarosa because the real candidates were all so amazingly talented
Go to bed, Kellyanne.
His name is Barack HUSSIEN Obama for petes sake! 
Trump won't say anything.There are transcripts of Flynn discussing sanctions with Russia the day the US President Obama enforced them.  Those sanctions were for Russia interfering in the US election and tilting it towards Trump.Think about this.  1. The current President levied sanctions against a foreign power for interfering in our election and helping Trump.2. Trump's people then called Russia and illegally discussed those sanctions that America has just enforced, sanctions against Russia for illegally helping Trump win. Trump was President-Elect at the time and still a private citizen. Flynn was announced as part of his team.3. Those calls (5 of them) between Flynn and the Russian envoy were recorded and transcripts given to US Intelligence.4. Flynn was questioned by the FBI and denied sanctions were discussed. During any of the FIVE phone calls.  Even though one took place the day sanctions were announced.5. VP Pence also denied sanctions were discussed.5.  Transcripts of the phone calls were given to the House Intelligence Committee.  6.  Flynn NOW says he may have misspoken and CANT REMEMBER if sanctions were discussed.  *Now that he knows a tape exists*
Oh, just wait. It's gonna get ripe.Remember this? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illegals_ProgramWe KNOW Russia was intent on getting spies hooked onto affluent individuals. In New York.Guess who's from Slovenia and who's father was a member of the Slovenian Communist Party and is reportedly fluent in at least six languages?
Not Trump himself, but from the article:> They believe this is a hit job from inside the CIA on Flynn and the people close to him, said one source, who argued that some in the intelligence community feel threatened by Flynn and his allies.
> One of the sources said that the rejection was approved by Trumps CIA director Mike PompeoSounds like he might be on board with this one.
Benedict Arnold Flynn
> How did Flynn get it?He was the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, that's how he has a security clearance. Last December Democratic senators asked the Obama administration to [review Mike Flynn's security clearance](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/michael-flynn-security-senate-232654), not sure what happened afterward.As for how Bannon received his clearance, a [Newsweek national security reporter Jeffrey Stein is asking a similar question, he is suing the government](https://qz.com/904880/a-newsweek-reporter-is-suing-the-federal-government-to-learn-how-it-vetted-trumps-advisers-for-security-clearances/), > To find out how some of US president Donald Trumps closest advisorsincluding Steve Bannon, Rex Tillerson, and Trumps own family membersgot the necessary clearances to begin receiving security briefings, despite allegations and connections that he argues should have raised red flags in the reviewing process.
Damn, I was waiting for it to load but then realised it's not a gif...
Kiwi here, seconded.
My 4th grader and his friends talk about it on the playground, ffs
Who needs brakes when we haven't even installed a steering wheel?!Hahahahaha and guys we have a monkey driving the bus!Hahaha this is fine!
The suspension just got 10 feet taller!
I thought he was just going to be transitioned to communications director since they couldn't find anyone to do that.
I hope he's working undercover.
You know Flynn's shady aide?
is reddit seriously breaking news right now?!
Presidential pardon that will likely occur.
Interesting. What caused them to create the safeguards?
If you're Pompeo, you obviously have to play this one close to the vest. In fact, he should be constantly reassuring Trump that he'll make this go away, but for now, he has to keep up the investigation for public optics. 
Pretty sure he's too public of a figure at this point to just get a Burn Notice.
I hope Barbra Lee or Elizabeth Warren run in 2020. I kind of hope it's Barbra Lee thoughBecause she has way more experience 
Is that the name of the OP against the Republicans?   Operation SWIGGITYSWOOTY.  Look out; the CIA wants the booty.
Knowing the CIA they've probably got remote controlled clones of Trump's entire administration ready to go, and are just waiting for the right moment to make the switch. OK probably not, but watching the hammer fall on this corrupt, traitorous administration is going to be really satisfying. 
He will talk. He's a loose cannon that no one likes. He's already betrayed his country and he wants to save his own ass. 
Flynn, Page, Cohen, and Sessions also believed to have FISA warrants out on them. This is just the tip of the iceberg
I mean, we are talking real, actual treason charges here. No hyperbole.>18 U.S. Code  2381 - Treason>Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or **adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere**, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.(June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 807; Pub. L. 103322, title XXXIII,  330016(2)(J), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2148.)
Is this also treason? https://twitter.com/CNN/status/758318218209554432
Wait. What? What did he negotiate?!
He already had clearance for some levels, but not high enough for the NSC. culled from the link:>...senior director for Africa, Robin Townley, was informed that the Central Intelligence Agency had rejected his request for an elite security clearance required for service on the NSC...>That forced Townley, a former Marine intelligence officer who had long maintained a top secret-level security clearance, out of his NSC post...>...the rejection was approved by Trumps CIA director Mike Pompeo... ...it infuriated Flynn and his allies.>...the CIA did not offer much explanation for why Townleys request for so-called Sensitive Compartmented Information clearance was rejected....>Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House intelligence committee, dismissed as baloney any suggestion that the clearance was denied because the intelligence community was trying to brushback Flynn.>Trump and Flynn see treachery everywhere they go, Schiff said, adding if a security clearance is denied, its for a reason. Intelligence agencies tend to be careful in rejecting security clearances because they know theyre going to have to justify it, Schiff concluded.
>I want to know more about the dude they froze out. You would imagine anybody put in place by Flynn would be sitting up nights reading Alex Jones, convinced there are ISIS training camps in south Texas. ...isn't Texas a conservative State? Wtf is wrong with people lol
I would not be surprised if this was pure spite. Flynn is not liked by other senior intelligence people and they want to shut him down any way possible.
Not the most effective propaganda I've seen.
I know of multiple 5 year+ couples that broke up between the election and inauguration. Not much of a sample size, but I wonder if there was a trend.
shit 2 years.  i can barely make it 1.  Good luck to you in the future man
Holy shit I'm in the same situation... that actually sheds some light on things
did they vote for trump? 
Man, as silver linings go, that's a pretty good one. If only it didn't require the rest of us to suffer.Sorry about your breakup, you'll recover and be better for it. Not so confident about the rest of the country/world. Fingers crossed.
You're not even American and you're hanging out on r/politics?  You poor soul, you don't deserve this.
Clinton emails, the worst political crisis in modern history. Thank ~~God~~ Comey we dodged that bullet.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtOOuN6_ecA
I've been thinking for a while now we're seeing the early on-set of Alzheimer's. Runs in his family, he's around the age early onset symptoms would appear, and his behavior is consistently puzzling.
There are probably still rumors floating around that he's coming to take guns away.
My uncle believed Obama was a secret Muslim Atheist from Kenya who came to destroy America.  Yeah...  He's a jackass.  I don't talk to him much.  My other uncle is an old liberal hippy and mocks the shit out of him.  Family reunions are fun.
According to Public Policy Polling last year, **2/3** of Trump voters believed that Obama is a Muslim who wasn't born in the U.S.Bonus stat: 1/5 of Trump voters believed that vaccines cause autism.
I wasn't aware this was an alternative fact.  I mean, he is so obviously in love with his wife.
Also, pedophile. See: pizzagate
No.... I think he's saying, If we all gave a damn then as much as we do now, we would have gotten a public option.At least that's how i read it....
Joe Liebermann singlehandedly thwarted the public option, never EVER forget that. He represented Connecticut, aka The Insurance State.He's a traitor to the public.
Obama's approval ratings tanked during the ACA negotiations. Republicans controlled the message (Thus it's referred to as Obamacare, not the ACA) while the Democrats just sat around feeling smug about themselves. I would have loved to see endless articles critiquing Obama's every move, and I voted for him twice. I'm glad people are hyper focused on Trump right now, but I hope they stay just as vigilant and involved when a candidate they support wins.
Can confirm. I disagreed with Obama on foreign policy but had zero concern he would destroy the country or sell Poland to Russia.
It's such a stark contrast, from Obama who was virtually unfazed by all the criticism and insults hurled at him over 8 years, to orange cheezus, who throws a tantrum on twitter because SNL makes fun of him. 
Not until those poor souls of the Bowling Green Massacre get justice!
Pretty on the money except for Kellyanne criticising Obama is second prize, her decades long fixation is the Clintons
Ivanka is Ivan with ka on the end.
> Trump won't say anything.You're overestimating his common sense.
Has there been much reported on what he's discussed (and when) before the election?  That seems to be a potentially bigger story but one being a bit swept under the rug, especially it seems at Fox news.
Flynn is dead man walking. Trump will distance: I did not speak to Flynn about sanctions at all. He might be reckless enough to say I did not speak to Flynn about *Russia* as all which would be an obvious lie. To get to Trump, Flynn has to roll over on him or someone else does. It's just a matter of who will take the fall for Trump. I wonder if Trump is confident that those around him love and respect him enough to take the fall for him (lol).
If you didn't discuss sanctions, then just why *did* you call Russia?
It just blows my mind that someone who claims to be qualified to be the nations top foreign policy advisor and who is a conspiracy theorist to boot, wouldn't realize his call was being recorded.
>Trump always does the most rational thing after carefully considering the consequences of his actions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWL06waOAGw
In regards to point 4, this is the first time I've heard he was questioned by the FBI. Do you have a source for that?  I ask because if he was questioned and he lied to them it's a pretty cut and dry case of perjury.  Forget the Logan Act, perjury is more than enough to have him removed and jailed. People have faced charges for much less
8) [Trump eases some sanctions against the FSB, Russia's intelligence agency](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/02/us-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-against-russian-intelligence-service.html)
Flynn and co are the kind that see enemies wherever they go. Victim mentality.
Let's say, in some other world or universe, there was a guy who had a newspaper, an actual newspaper made from trees and the sort, with exactly what has been printed on Breitbart word-for-word, would that change anything? 
[Like this?](https://media.giphy.com/media/3orieZD59kLe5m1X1u/giphy.gif)
Brazilian here, i third that. Opening /r/politics became analogous to opening the fridge to see if there's anything new in it. And unlike the fridge, the subreddit always has something new. You never know what to expect with Trump around.
...Does it really matter who's driving if there's no brakes or steering? At that point The Stig and a large rock are going to be driving about as well.
Spicer played by a woman a week ago and already transitioning
Yes. Shady is a good way to put it. He's a nice enough guy, but his income sources are questionable at best. The clearance process frowns upon large influxes of cash.
Trump would get way too much flak for pardoning a traitor. And he would get a lot of support for having him killed.
I can't answer this specifically, but Nixon would be a general example.  He tried to force the FBI to kill its investigation into Watergate.  Agencies and agents themselves need to be able to operate with an amount of autonomy or else they just become a president's personal vendetta machine.
I'm not sure the historical cause of most of that.  The CIA under Dulles massively overreached on their involvement in foreign affairs, and President Kennedy and Congress tried to put some serious restrictions on them.  If I had to guess, a lot of it probably stemmed from that time period.
uh...The Church Committee?
I think you're being optimistic.
That's the thing with these people, they will all turn on each other. Trump the most. That guy is the poster child of the guy who gets caught with drugs and rolls on every single one of his friends- even people who are innocent.
Definitely an abrasive loose cannon, but the article says the only string he's currently hanging by is Trump's approval due to Flynn's early support of his campaign and his 'loyalty'. Hell, apparently he doesn't even talk to Pompeo or even Mattis. Maybe Flynn really drank the kool-aid and will only get cut when he's too much of a public liability for a fledgling WH limping with internal factionalism and hated by the intel community. But due to his insanity/lack of a spine it's also just as likely he jumps ship and collaborates.
> Flynn, Page, Cohen, and Sessions also believed to have FISA warrants out on them.*I want to believe.*
Welcome to Month 1 of the Trump Administration. 
Got a source on that? 
Where did you hear these 4 names associated with the FISA warrants? i have only seen Flynn's name.And this whole thing is very reassuring to me, since it seems like Obama set a trap for the skinks by expelling thise diplomats - and Flynn fell for it.What other shis is going down, or went down, that we haven't heard about i wonder?
Does the combination of those 4 tell us something about the investigation? Flynn and Page for Russia (bribery) connections and Sessions and Cohen because intel felt that Trump would run to his lawyers?
Link?
Flynn issue is separate from FISA issue. Everyone seems to have a different choice on who the FISA warrants were issued on but they have had Flynn's number for years now. No need to FISA him. My personal FISA thoughts are Page, Manafort, Trump and either Stone or Sessions. 
Manafort too, I hope?
This goes to the top. The entire fucking team is a swamp of criminal oligarchs.
I agree that evidence is pointing toward a serious offence, but out of curiosity, do we just keep an official list of 'enemies' and is Russia on that list? We're not on good terms, sure, but we're not openly at war with them.
It could be argued that he didn't help an enemy because technically we aren't at war with Russia.  If it's proven that Russia was behind the hacking of the DNC then I believe that argument no longer holds water.
The Orange Snowfalke would argue that Russia isn't America's enemy.
Treason is defined in the constitution, and the catch is giving aid and comfort to an enemy in a declared war. 
Flynn had 5 phone calls with a Russian envoy while part of Trump's transition team.  Trump was President-elect yet still a private citizen.  The phone calls were taped. Transcripts show that Flynn strongly suggested that Russia not retaliate for sanctions the US government had just placed on Russia (for interfering with the election).  Because Trump would most likely roll-back them when he came into office.This is extraordinarily illegal.  A US citizen cannot interfere with the US government's foreign policy.Also, Flynn lied about it to the American people and to the VP.  On Wednesday he point-blank stated NO SANCTIONS had ever been mentioned during the conversation.On Thursday, after learning that transcripts of the phone calls existed; he changed his story.  Flynn DID NOT REMEMBER discussing sanctions but the subject could have come up.
> the Central Intelligence Agency had rejected his request for an elite security clearance required for service on the NSCDoesn't Bannon require the same security clearance?
Lots of shady shit you can do in Africa
Former clearances can help shorten the waiting time, but the people who do these checks know what they're doing, they don't just deny a clearance on a whim. They must have found something in his past they didn't like or maybe its his current crop of friends that are shady and the CIA didn't feel the risk was worth it. It is also possible that he may have lied about something in an interview or failed a polygraph.
> That forced Townley, a former Marine intelligence officer who had long maintained a top secret-level security clearance, out of his NSC post...I'd really like to know why he had a top secret clearance, but couldn't pass the check.  I dislike Trump as much as the next person on Reddit, but something feels off here.TS Clearance is stupid amounts of background checks and paperwork.  Did something happen since his last audit that disqualified him, or did he only have a TS when he was in the military?
Did you see the hidden message in the first image?
Well, I basically broke up with my entire family, so there's another data point for you.
7 yrs reporting in
Let's ignore the obvious possibility of it being directly political. Post-election night, everyone is stressed: The coronation didn't happen and the impossible did. Then the orange oligarch proceeded to get crazier. Again ignoring politics, work environments got worse, school environments got worse and dear Cthulhu we aren't going to talk about social media/family. I see it as being very possible that relationships at a weak point were put under more stress by the whole election process.
I known one that broke up the day before 
It's really silly to break up over something like this with your spouse. This is why I always tell my friends and family we should never discuss politics. Everyone goes and votes the way they choose, and that's the end of it. 
Hey thanks, you too! Honestly I think the trick is to figure out how to jiu-jitsu breakups into something kinda positive. Or at least, something constructive. Turn it into a learning experience, close that chapter, and start a new one. Nothing lasts forever :)
Have you also been finding it easier to move on this time? It doesn't feel like time is going by any faster, but rather that reality is packing twice as much into one day. Lenin nailed it:There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happenI've had *two* ~4 year relationships end the same week as a grandparent's death. Once the day before, once the day of. It wasn't quite as bad as you might expect; I think that there is only so much a person can emotionally process at once. 
Nah not even American. The only fervent Trump supporter I've met is my 80-something colonial-era-British-Empire godmother who grew up on a cotton plantation in the Sudan. Past a certain age it's difficult to begrudge someone's bigotry. She has a good heart, but is just a product of an era long past.
I grew up in Italy during the 90's and 00's so I remember too well the Age of Berluspocalypse. If on one hand I'm happy we can no longer be mocked by Americans on this subject, on the other I'm fascinated by American politics right now given the obvious similarities between Trump and Berlusconi. They both came to power due to anger towards the establishment. The Italian political landscape was heavily shaken by a huge corruption scandal in the earli 90's (google mani pulite if you're interested) and Berlusconi presented himself as the businessman that would run the country just like one of his numerous business, promising efficiency and change. Most people at the time fell for that exactly like Americans fell for Trump, except for the fact that Berlusconi was WAY more subtle about protecting his interests compared to Trump. And it pains me to say but I believe he became a lot more capable in time. Now excuse me but I have to wash the fingers that just typed that sentence.
Canadian Hindu here... what is happening there directly affects us as well.  Already had a Trumper kill brown people.  
Everybody gets affected by America. It isn't just you guys that gets fucked by Trump; everybody did, and everybody will suffer.
Seriously. I mean, our current National Security Advisor did have [technicians secretly install an internet connection in his pentagon office, even though it was forbidden](http://imgur.com/a/neagp). But Hillary worked from home on weekends or something. 
No kidding. Thanks to Clinton's private email server, Russia may have gained access to a few classified emails. Now we won't have to worry about the Russians any more! /S
Wow, that didn't take long.
He's 70.  That's not early onset.
Stupid | Crazy | EvilPick 3
More likely there are some toothless morons who are proud of themselves for standing up to tyranny and think that their fringe conspiracy theories saved America. 
He's still coming, any day now.
My dad is probably still sleeping next to his gun safe at night, just so Obama can personally pry it out of his fingers
/100 YEARS IN THE FUTURE/Psst.. I heard that guy on the $42 bill had a bill enacted that hits this year. Takes all the guns away!
Muslim Atheist...
His wife's a man though!
There were actually rumors that Michelle Obama used to be a man. Nothing was beneath these people.
Everybody knows Obama was a gay prostitue bcs he needed the money for his drug habit. That's why he was so good to the homosexuals. 
Not likely, the public option was pulled because of Lieberman and I doubt his rather affluent constituency would've put any pressure on him.
Health Care for all reform has been one of my top passions for years. There was not a vocal enough climate for it 8 years ago -- people were falling for talk of death panels and socialism. But after ACA, that cobbled together hybrid gave people a taste of government protections against insurance companies, people grew more comfortable and seem more ready to talk. I don't think Obama could have pulled it off and been reelected...but I think he opened the door. Our country is very resistant to even positive changes. 
Clinton was going to implement a public option lol but I don't think many knew. 
But maybe not to Connecticut.
You must have missed the dust up because Obama dared wear a tansuit.You're blind if you thought Obama wasn't under heavy criticism 
> Obama's approval ratings tanked during the ACA negotiations.[No they didn't, they stayed flat at about 50](http://www.gallup.com/poll/116479/barack-obama-presidential-job-approval.aspx)Not gonna give in to the post facts world everyone is trying to usher in sorry.
I always thought you could tell the criticism got to Obama over time, but he rarely (in comparison) brought attention to it himself and didn't let it affect his actual policies. At the most he would scold congress for obstructionism maybe a couple times a year, which if it were all Trump was doing in response would leave me respecting the man a lot more.
And you just reminded me Saturday night live is on tonight which I can't wait to watch which hasn't happened since celebrity jeopardy
This is going into genuine impeachment area.  The Repub Congress aren't ready to take the hit to the Republican Brand.  They will make him cut Flynn loose and blame it all on him.Pence and Trump will skate.
Fox News is not a news organization, it's an entertainment company.  
I heard about it before and was dumbfounded.Everybody poo-poo-ed it.  Trump was going against his own US Intelligence Community and protecting Putin by denying Russia hacked the election.Maybe he was really trying to protect his own traitorous self and team.I REALLY do wonder now if Trump was trying to keep that revelation off the media by screeching at US intel.Makes me wonder what other traitorous deeds are being overshadowed by his pompous arrogance and obnoxiousness.
My prediction, Trump 2 weeks from now: Someone in my position sometimes has to use back channel communications to negociate critical world peace situations. The most important thing for Americans is to keep them out of WW3. I was aware of things almost all Americans don't know about. Trust me, Obama had built up tensions with Russia, so bad, so bad - we were very close to WW3. Some of the people here in congress want to start WW3 and they will get all of us killed in a nuclear holocaust. I'm doing everything in my power to keep us safe and sometimes that involves talking to heads of state.
I never spoke to my national security adviser about sanctionsUhh huh 
> To get to Trump, Flynn has to roll over on him or someone else does.Sweetheart plea bargains to nail the bigger fish is a not uncommon thing.
Trump before the weekend is over:Flynn?  Flynn who?
I'm starting to think that no one will take the fall for Trump. We're talking serious allegations possibly treasonous in nature. With all the backbiting and leaks, I don't think anyone is willing to put their life on  the line for the orange idiot. Look at how fast he turns on people, everyone in the White House knows that one bad move will get them hung out to dry, no way am they are sticking up for this orange fuck.
I don't know, Trump's value of loyalty makes me think he will back up Flynn... right up to the point when Flynn spills the beans on Trump. Hell, Donny might even pull Flynn closer to try to mitigate the chances of him talking. 
Hero of Motherland Flynn was calling to orders glorious Russian product for present of Christmas!  Number 1 source of vodka and borscht in world!
Flynn said it was to offer condolences for the assassination of their Turkey Ambassador. Apparently that requires 5 calls?
That's a great point, but by nearly all accounts, the guy's got about as much sense as a bag full of tree stumps.
It's coming!! Although I think Trump may have snuck some through.Edit:  I see you provided the link that he did.  Thought so.  Manchurian Candidate indeed.
Absolutely, but tbf he wouldn't be wrong. It must be disconcerting to know that you are under active investigation by multiple intelligence agencies.Especially when you know you done fucked up and are completely expendable. 
It's projection; they know, deep down, that THEY are the enemy.
His most recent employer was apparently [The Wildcat Foundation](http://www.wildcatfoundation.us). I don't know much about foundations, but it does seem strange that an organization that claims to manage tens of millions of dollars doesn't even have a phone number on their website. 
Here is probably the more important question: What (do you think as someone who knows him) are the large, shady influxes of cash likely related to? Does this guy seem likely to be an info peddler? Russian payroll? Drug dealer? Hobby photographer on the side?Also importantly, if you know about his large, shady cash influxes, then Flynn *must* know, so why was he even selected as an aide in the first place?
He's also an idiot though, so nothing's off the table.
In regards to Nixon, isn't there a tape of him saying he got the CIA to help him coverup Watergate?  I imagine the company was none too thrilled about what that did to their public image.
I've predicted since before the election that if Trump won, there'd be massive divisions and constant infighting within the adminstration. Trump had Stalin-esque paranoia, minus the brain. The Trump administration is like the dumber version of Fascism. Just wait until Trump and Bannon really start to hate one another...
Not sure if you were around for Reagan but at the time, he was one of the least liked Presidents in decades based on the polls... Everywhere around him, his people were getting caught doing illegal things (Ollie North, Teflon President, Iran-contra scandal) and yet Reagan came out of it with favorable views by a lot of people even though he was surrounded by sh--stain folk. So who knows what will happen with Trump.
*Trust me, Scully.*
http://i.imgur.com/ywyXL4w.gif
According to the hyperliberal Fox News, intelligence agencies requested four FISA warrants in regards to the Russia leaks:http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/01/23/intelligence-agencies-nsa-fbi-cia-investigating-michael-flynn-trump-staff-russia-contact
I'm really interested in Giuliani's role in all this.
We were sanctioning them for interfering in our election. I'm sure the Obama admin considered them an enemy at the time the offence took place.
I don't think we have to be at war for them to be an enemy. We weren't at war with them in the 50's but we executed 2 Americans for espionage for giving nuclear secrets to Russia. 
I think even in that case, it doesn't count. If America is in some secret spy vs spy shit involving another country, and that eventually boils over into outright war, you shouldn't be held responsible for your actions amthat may have helped them at a time before that was known.
Selling state secrets to any other nation would be considered treason so I don't think you have to be at war with a country for them to be considered an enemy. IANAL but I think the argument could be made that the acts in question constitute an adversarial relationship and therefore they can be viewed as an enemy.
I can see it now. Trump [be like...](https://youtu.be/pWdd6_ZxX8c)
>Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court.>The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except during the life of the person attainted.Im not seeing that catch in the text from the constitution. 
Let me guess, the GOP is giving a blind eye to this?
Yes.  I don't know what goes into the background check for that, but I'm shocked he passed it.
no?
Yeah me and my uncles and aunts aren't on good terms. There's a bridge that has been burned. 
Holy crap!  How many arms have you broken?!
That's what I figure as well. Still not clear there actually is a trend though, so it's kind of pointless speculation.
>It's really silly to break up over something like this with your spouse. Supporting and voting for somebody who represents the worst in american politics and society is a pretty good reason to break up with somebody, actually.
If we don't discuss issues with people who have a different perspective how will we ever come together as a nation? I don't learn when I only talk to people that agree with me
Political beliefs normally stem from ideological beliefs, therefore especially strong political rifts can point to two people not being compatible.  This election turned a spotlight to some ideological beliefs that might not normally be exposed.
Oh, can it please. We're not talking about a few little beliefs with these people. We're looking at a political ideology that gets it's kicks out of ruining our country, lying about nearly everything, and making a quick buck off the pain of others, especially over the last decade. That line runs way deeper then liking the same foods or music.This is what Congressional and Senate Republicans are doing with the majorities Trump voters gave them[Cutting Social Security](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/republican-bill-social-security-cuts)[Dismantling Medicare](http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a51081/paul-ryan-medicare/)[Increasing defense spending](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/12/07/congress-poised-pass-bill-fund-government-boost-defense-spending/95094238/)[Cutting taxes](http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-tax-cuts-gop-us-congress-2016-12)[Approving the most unqualified cabinet in history](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2017/01/19/donald-trump-has-assembled-the-worst-cabinet-in-american-history/?utm_term=.52a067789c56)[Privatizing infrastructure](https://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/infrastructure-build-or-privatization-scam/)[Selling federal lands for $0 and turning their management over to states](https://chaffetz.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=788)[Limiting abortion rights](https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/36)[Dismantling the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau](https://www.atr.org/rep-ratcliffe-and-sen-cruz-introduce-legislation-dismantle-cfpb)[Defunding Planned Parenthood](http://time.com/4626516/planned-parenthood-defund-republicans/)[Dismantling the EPA](http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/2/2/1629070/-A-Florida-Congressman-hopes-to-abolish-the-EPA-by-the-end-of-2018-But-the-odds-are-against-him)[Continuing to investigate Hillary Clinton's email server](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/house-oversight-committee-trump-investigations-234475)[Overturning the ban on selling guns to the mentally ill](http://www.npr.org/2017/02/02/513126985/house-votes-to-overturn-obama-rule-restricting-gun-sales-to-mentally-ill?utm_medium=RSS&utm_campaign=environment)[Allowing coal plant water pollution](http://content.sierraclub.org/coal/disposal-plant-water-pollution)[Paying for Trump's wall](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/25/politics/republicans-trump-retreat-border-wall/)[Eliminating the Election Assistance Commission](https://www.thenation.com/article/house-republicans-just-voted-to-eliminate-the-only-federal-agency-that-makes-sure-voting-machines-cant-be-hacked/)This is all independent of their support of the President's governing through Executive Order despite Paul Ryan saying in September 2016 that Trump will not be able to fulfill his promises [because Congress writes the laws](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/paul-ryan-donald-trump-228638)>Presented with a series of Donald Trumps policies that conflict with his own policy vision, House Speaker Paul Ryan had a message: Congress writes these laws.>Congress is the one that writes these laws and puts them on the presidents desk, the Wisconsin Republican said Sunday on CBS Face the Nation.Now please. Tell me how 2 people on different sides of these issues can really make it work.*More relevant list by far.*List by /u/Plymouth03
Is it really, though? Politics is neither personal nor private. It is, instead, the exercise of power through the apparatus of government. By voting, you are literally choosing representatives to force your beliefs on others.Why would you want to share your life with someone who holds genuinely hateful views of other humans and who cannot be persuaded otherwise? I couldn't conscience such hatred, and I won't judge anyone else who feels the same way. You may feel differently, and that's fine, too.
It seems like discovering your values and morality are polar opposites is actually a fine reason to think about ending a relationship.  Like, if you have vastly different standards for basic decency towards other people, you're probably in for a lot of serious disagreements down the road.
This isn't politics where we all used o want the same things and couldn't agree on how to get them. Today politics is believing certain lives are worth less than others, that Americans have different rights based on geography, that the terrible things proposed by one party are automatically ok. 
This has sparked some intense discussion, and I think both sides have merit, but I wasn't actually talking about people who broke up because of politics. To the best of my knowledge, the couples I know who broke up around that time were unanimously Hillary supporters. Could (definitely) just be a coincidence, but maybe a general feeling of defeatism and low morale had an impact.
How did he obscure the economics after he was elected? I'm concerned about Trump and the GOP selling the economic success of this administration.
Did Berlusconi win by losing the popular vote?
Grazie for reminding me of a time when Bunga Bunga parties were the big scandal in world politics. Ah, simpler times, my friend - simpler times.
Isn't Italy's elections coming up soon? I heard something, can't remember from where, that Russia is mettling into Italy's election affairs. 
Ambitious women are witches!
>This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated.Huh. So what was it?
I think people get early onset confused with early stages, I see that happen a lot. I think he might have it though. His dad did. 
If we hadn't exposed Jade Helm, then Obozo would have taken over Texas for sure! FEMA camps!
I wonder what the NRA's new tactics will be now that the scary black man is out of office.  Maybe something like who knows what the hell's going to happen next? Better be armed just in case!
I know.  He's a special kind of stupid.
The way they mean it is stupid, of course, but I am an atheist who pretended to convert to Islam from Catholicism for marriage, so I am an actual Muslim Atheist.
The Michelle used to be a man! rumors were almost impressive in how they managed to cover the bases of homophobia, transphobia, and racism all at the same time.
He had to run as an independent because a large portion of his constituency didn't like him and he could get the Democrat nomination as a sitting Senator. 
No. He went from Democrat to independent for a reason: we didn't like him either. 
You mean not to the monied industries in Connecticut.  He certainly didn't stonewall the public option for the benefit of voters.  He had to run on an indeoendent party in order to maintain his seat. 
I think he means, legitimate criticism. People criticized Obama for stupid things like wearing a tan suit rather than any of the things he did that were actually worth talking about.
I saw plenty. Like when they called him the anti-christ. Now I see people calling Bannon the secret-president trying to start a holy war with apocalyptic results. I understand Trump is an easier target for the late night shows, but where were the millions of people marching in support of the ACA. Or huge groups of people protesting drone strikes, or mass deportations, or the lack of really much getting done overall?
[Here's Obama's approval ratings over his presidency](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c0/Gallup_Poll-Approval_Rating-Barack_Obama.svg/650px-Gallup_Poll-Approval_Rating-Barack_Obama.svg.png) (Red: Disapprove Yellow: No opinion Green: Approve)The ACA was negotiated in 2009-2010. 
I can't wait until tonight, when I get to watch my president be mocked on national television is a sentence I never thought would unironically make sense.
Baldwin is hosting tonight as well. 
Not if Flynn rolls on Trump. I'm pretty convinced the GOP made sure Pence was insulated from any of Trump's activities. I imagine that they agreed not to make trouble for Trump at the convention as long as Trump took on an clean establishment candidate and kept him clean. Although the GOP would be happy with Ryan as president too.
Pence is often connected as possibly lieing so wouldn't shock me if GOP is trying to get straight to Ryan.
Pence was already distancing himself, saying they were just going off what Flynn told them. (Heard it on NPR All Things Considered last night) 
It won't go into genuine impeachment zone unless and until trump's approval ratings are in fact in the shitter. His supporters think he's the God-Emperor who can do absolutely no wrong and saved us from war with Russia, and if you impeach him now, they'll go apeshit on their Congresspeople.
[removed]
Don't dismiss - too many people believe that not only are they news, but also they are the ONLY real news.In order to end this, and end this effectively, we need to effectively handle the propagandists on the other side.  We need to turn Fox news on Trump.  And even then, it might not be enough.  The brainwashing that they helped to do is real.
Fox News is not a news organization, it's ~~an entertainment company~~ the propaganda arm of the Republican party.  FTFY
Speaking of Russian hacking, a full report was released yesterday.https://www.us-cert.gov/sites/default/files/publications/AR-17-20045_Enhanced_Analysis_of_GRIZZLY_STEPPE_Activity.pdfThe Media needs to be covering this.
Yeah its all starting to look a lot more real right? It how's back to 2015 honestly.  Flynn's been meeting with Russians for a while now, but I wonder what they have tracked and confirmed, especially since he officially joined Trump's campaign.  He was one of the earliest people.
The phrase hacked the election makes your entire argument sound dumb and limits open minded people outside of the liberal circlejerk from even reading past your first sentence.  Russia didn't hack an election. They hacked information and released it that showed the DNC being pretty unethical. If you want to make the argument that Trumps team could have been in talks with Russia and the implications of that, that's certainly up for discussion, but to open with such a ridiculously hyperbolic line is the same sort of batshit insane sky is falling exaggerating that turned a large portion of the country to the republicans over the past six years.  
Flesh-Kincaid grade level of that quote is 8.3.For comparison, a typical Trump speech is around a grade 4 level.You used too many multisyllabic words and complete sentences, and your sentences are too long: Trump talks like an elementary school student, not a junior high school student.Instead of Someone in my position sometimes has to use back channel communications to negociate critical world peace situations Trump would say something more like I talk to world leaders. To keep you safe - we all gotta be safe, folks - we need to talk. And I'm the best at talking. Everyone says so - they're always telling me how great I am at talking, and words. And to talk with these important guys, I have to. Sometimes that means I talk with them in private. And Mikey - I like to call him Mikey - was just talking with them for me.
Way too many big words in that statement.IM TRYING TO KEEP US SAFE! NOT A TRAITOR! MORE FAKE NEWS! USIC SICK AND BAD AT THEIR JOBS!!!!
>Uhh huhThis is my response to 90% of the things he says so nothing new.
That wouldn't be a big surprise to me, actually. [He didn't talk to the State Department, Homeland Security, or Justice before he issued his immigration EO](http://www.npr.org/2017/02/09/514399835/federal-appeals-court-upholds-stay-on-trumps-immigration-order). Shit, he didn't talk to State before taking calls with foreign leaders after the election (remember the call from Taiwan?).Trump just does shit without asking, he thinks that if there's any negative repercussions from something he did it's either very minor (the good outweighs the bad) or someone else can clean it up. Again, look at the immigration EO. Trump left it to the White House Counsel to clear up the hazy bits, which was [one of the reasons the 9^th Circuit cited when upholding the injunction against the ban](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/10/514491290/5-key-points-from-the-appeals-courts-travel-ban-ruling).
Odds of Trump asking for Fynn's resignation in near future very high. If that happens it means Trump is beyond the point where he can escape this.
Have you seen the handshake gifs? I get the feeling they hate him as much as he hates them
Right now Trump is telling Flynn just help us out, I've got guys that will take care of you afterward. You'll have the best job. Twice what you make now. Fox News deals as commentator. Your own show on the new breitbart channel. Much better show than Oliver North's. And we'll make it a really fantastic resignation. I'll say great things about you - how the media briught you down and you put America first and took a hit for your country. 
Trump's value of loyalty isn't the same as yours and mine. His value of loyalty is how can I use you to better myself?. When that answer is you can't, Trump dumps them like garbage. This is how all narcissists work. So if this is all true, Trump WILL sell Flynn out hard, which is a good thing because that would encourage Flynn to rat them all out in a plea deal
He will definitely back him up
IDK when my girlfriend's dad died we were on the phone a lot. Maybe the Turkish ambassador just needed someone to talk to.
And Holiday greetings. As one does.
Not your point I know, but *.us* TLDs require public registration. You can get a phone number with a WHOIS lookup if you're interested.
Wow, I have never seen a more fake foundation ever.
I believe that his business is anti-poaching. I have a feeling some governments or other organizations preferred to pay him for services rendered off the books.As for why Flynn even gave it a shot, I'd say he probably simply thought that it would be glossed over since he was to be on the NSC. There is precedent for folks in power either obtaining or not losing their clearance after blatant violations (see Hillary Clinton).
Thank god Trump is lazy. If he was driven like Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot or Mao, we would really be in trouble
Watch out... the bigger they are, the harder they fall. These folks are the bigliest idiots we've ever seen in office.I fear for their impeachment, the red-hat Republicans are basically anti-democracy sleeper agents at this point.> Just wait until Trump and Bannon really start to hate one another<3 SNL, steadily driving a wedge in that braggadocio bromance. 
Great comparison. The reason Stalin's paranoia worked for so long is that everyone was afraid he was pulling all the strings and would purge them, meaning lots of backstabbing between cronies and little work on Stalin's part. The reason Trump's paranoia doesn't work is that no one believes he's actually that smart (not even his own aides, who get to see his inanity firsthand), meaning they rat on *him* instead of each other and he has to spend all day cleaning up the mess and trying to plug holes, which he fails at and feeds back into his image of ineptitude.
Reagan didn't have the internet to deal with. 
> yet Reagan came out of it with favorable views by a lot of peopleYou can thank the Republican revisionist history machine for that.
This is when I learned about NPR. Listened to the congressional hearings.What Reagan and North did was wrong, but they did it at least for a sense of country. Remember that we still had those nasty commies in Russia.What Trumps folks - or shit stains - are doing is purely for self gain with no regard to long term consequences. 
Heh, thank you. I guess I should be watchin' Fox more closely, eh?
If we get to the point where someone on the right actually calls Fox News fake news I'm just gonna call it a day and go to sleep for the next 4 years.
They kind of are hyper liberal compared to Trump's base and their general preferred news sources, like Russian propagana
> I'm really interested in Giuliani's role in all this.Professional Asshole
If they ever investigate it, they'd find the NY FBI to have direct ties to Giuliani.  Not surprising really.They'll never investigate it though.
We were sanctioning them even before that because of their military aggressiveness.
Has he passed it yet? Has he sat in on a meeting?
Nutters
I basically view them as cult members. Only their leader has nuclear weapons.Fuck.
It demonstrates a lack of common sense, decency, and any signs of intelligence. Obvious deal breaker.
I agree. Based on the support shown for certain policy can demonstrate the character of someone.
Actually it's not just because someone close to you didn't support Hillary is not a good reason to dump them. 
If you think arguing over politics is how we come together, then oh my God.No I was young and foolish, and I thought I have to argue about everything I believe that other people do not believe. Religion, politics, favorite colors, whatever.It's only time and experience taught me otherwise. That you should only pick up arguments that matter, and none of the above matter, and stop trying to pick apart the soul of someone who thinks differently, just because you think you are right.
> I don't learn when I only talk to people that agree with meThese are the people you can argue with.  People like you, who understands that there is value in looking at the other side.Unfortunately, we are dealing with a populace that is mostly unforgiving and unchanging in their ideals.  They live in their own bubbles of safety **on purpose**.Trump voters do not listen to reason. They voted for him despite all of the warning signs. They think their votes are the same as voting for their favorite sports team. They will continue to justify their position, even while this shitstorm happens around them.These people are a lost cause. Their opinions are forfeit. The best we can do is outvote them. We can't debate them because there is no debate to be had.Perhaps someday, they will come to the realization themselves, but we can't do it for them.
Relationships are not about seeking incompatibilities, but seeking compatibilities. If you dig deep enough you will always find something where you differ with a person you respect and love.It's also a very silly thing to draw the boundaries of incompatibility exactly where the party lines are drawn. As those lines are often arbitrary.
I have no idea why are you posting these links to me. My point wasn't defending Republicans at all.
If you think that the thing that most defines you is the vote you choose at the voting booth, and not everything else you do every single day, then that's problematic thinking already no matter which side you choose.Another fallacy is thinking that the two big parties of the US represent polar opposites. It means the talking points are getting to you, and you're not following their actions very very closely. Which kind of defeats the former point, that your vote is what most defines you. Politics is a boring, tedious, nuanced game. The bright, blinking, noisy reality show is just for the masses. Trump will either learn how to do his job properly, or he will be fired, because this country has stronger system than you give it credit for. And this is why it's not worth it to fight with your loved ones over it. Democracy is about respecting that we each have one vote. It's not about splitting and fighting over who gets to force more people into their kind of vote. Once you understand this, there is nothing to argue about with your loved ones.
By blaming his predecessors, of course.
Berlusconi was a bit of a special case because he owned a large portion of Italian media.
My guess is after awhile he'll say it's great, despite the massive obstructionism coming from x, y, and z, and it would be even greater if it wasn't for them.
It's nearly working on me
It's a real-but-stupid thing, meaning he was raised up in the culture/values of Islam but doesn't believe in any god.
I'm still pissed about that one. Lamont would have been so much better.
Republicans choosing to focus on their phony, made-up scandals instead of drones (for instance) exposes the Republican party as fraudulent. The only people I ever saw criticize Obama on something that actually mattered (like drones) were liberals...because the Republican party dgaf about using drones, but also cause they were so fucking invested in their *stupid* conspiracy theories.
That tan suit looked good on him too. 
Plus I couldn't name more than a handful of Obamas cabinet members (if that). Meanwhile I've seen a dozen Reddit threads and news articles for every single one of Trump's picks. If people paid this much attention during every presidency, we'd have a much more informed public. 
I like this sentiment. But things were getting better under Obama, slowly. As long as things are getting better, the vast majority will ignore politics. Trump just woke the sleeping giant.
And obama wanted protesters.He didn't want to face McConnell on his own 
September 2009 is when it began and his approval ratings were already very much over the honeymoon period.On top of that this is a user generated image sourcing the Gallup polling I linked to. Look at the data in there, he stayed pretty flat around 50 +/- 2 the entire time.Likewise wouldn't you think his approval would go down more once the law was passed and republicans **REALLY** stepped up the rhetoric and tried to have the ACA repealed over and over and over again.[The fact of the matter is Obama had the flattest approval ratings of virtually any president.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_approval_rating#President_Barack_Obama)
Really? Not even that's my bush???
> I'm pretty convinced the GOP made sure Pence was insulated from any of Trump's activities.What a shame that Flynn has now figuratively puked on Pence's shoes.
I'm picturing Pence being held in a sensory deprivation chamber in a closet in the east wing to maintain his plausible deniability.
If that's the case then the GOP is complicit in the conspiracy and will all be dealt with. THE FIVE EYES KNOW EVERYTHING. 
I'm a liberal and I think Ryan being president is the best outcome possible at the moment.  The only down side is that he could probably get reelected. I don't like his policies but at least he is a good person (many disagree but he does have a degree of moral fortitude despite his political beliefs)
Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.(June 25, 1948, ch. 645, 62 Stat. 807; Pub. L. 103322, title XXXIII, 330016(2)(J), Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 2148.)Damn right he'd roll on Trump.
Think it's possible not probable.
Mike Pence has been distancing himself since the debates, he has no loyalty to anyone but Mike Pence. In a strange way making him the perfect metaphor for this administration.
Agreed. 
Only way is if Republicans will not get elected if they DON'T impeach.But....we are seriously discussing the impeachment of a US President during the FIRST MONTH of a 4 year term.So there is an actual possibility.  
I am literally taking that from a lawsuit they were in for firing their own journalists over the coverage of rgbh in milk.  Fox News came out to claim it was an entertainment, not a news organization so it had no obligation to journalism.  This is covered in The Corporation.
Tl:dr?
How long are you assholes going to play the calling out our asshole nature is why normal people vote for us assholes shtick?
It's very strange to realize that your imitation is not exaggerated. 
No, not too many words.  But its too coherent.  The writer stayed on topic for much longer than Trump can.  He's lucky if a single sentence can stay on point without deviating to other things.> Look, having nuclearmy uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart you know, if you're a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the worldit's true!but when you're a conservative Republican they tryoh, do they do a numberthat's why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortuneyou know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we're a little disadvantagedbut you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers meit would have been so easy, and it's not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what's going to happen and he was rightwho would have thought?), but when you look at what's going on with the four prisonersnow it used to be three, now it's fourbut when it was three and even now, I would have said it's all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don't, they haven't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it's gonna take them about another 150 yearsbut the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.This is a real quote.
Holy shit their logo is a lynx and their mission is to *help save and provide for the long-term conservation of endangered wildlife and wild places in* **Africa**. 
According to Politico the aide is a former military intelligence officer.  How the hell to go from that into something as trivial as anti-poaching?
The problem is that Bannon is still in his corner now, who is both relatively intelligent and evil.
Don't forget stupid.
Why do you assume he's lazy? What part of his campaign has driven you to believe he's lazy?The guy takes enough meth that the term lazy does not compute.
That's a double-edged sword.  The internet shovels just as much disinformation as it tries to expose.The internet is precisely why we're here.
I ALWAYS thought Reagan was one of the biggest assholes ever to be president...and one of the most dangerous- did tons of damage.  Gosh....I never thought it could get worse....sigh.
Ugh. I wouldn't go that far!
This is your conscience... OH HELL NO!
It's terrifying, isn't it, when RedState and Fox News seem reasonable?
I have a weird feeling he's been gathering classified information under the cover of offering legal support to disgruntled NY FBI agents. Might even be running moles. But, in his defense, I will say that I am paranoid.
I'm pretty sure what I've read says that being appointed by the president automatically grants you the appropriate clearance.https://news.clearancejobs.com/2017/02/02/steve-bannons-hypothetical-security-clearance-unencrypted-social-security-number/
Shit, are you me in an alternate universe typing this out? Pretty sure you just explained my family situation.
I'm getting married next year and I can't decide if the drama of not inviting the bigots is worth it or not.
Not talking about politics is like not taking about anything that happens outside your own home, in my own option. I don't expect my partner to know the specifics of every trade deal the government makes, but if they don't understand that the price of everyday items is linked to those trade deals, I wouldn't be with him.  It's such an important aspect of our lives and *should* influence your decisions like whether to buy a home, have a child, take that job in the city, etc. This goes for family members too. The ol' no politics, religion, or sex talk is what helped get us to this anti-critical-thinking shit storm in the first place. 
I never said anybody's name. 
I didn't say argue, I said discuss. I try to learn their perspective and sometimes they are interested in mine but I don't try and persuade them I'm right or they're wrong. That's not the same and arguing and fighting over it. I absolutely agree about choosing your battles. I am selective on issues I will push back on if I think something is particularly problematic or upsetting. Honestly think that's more important now than ever. 
Sounds like you still have some growing up to do. If you couldn't have discussions about touchy subjects without turning it personal and as you say trying to pick apart the soul and your solution is to stop talking about them, then oh my God. That's basically saying Everyone who disagrees with me is stupid, so I just won't talk about stuff that we don't agree on
Politics isn't just some abstract concept, this is real shit that affects real people. If through all this you find out that the person you're with doesn't share your core values then it's perfectly acceptable to break up. For the best, even. I personally could never date someone who voted for Trump, no matter their reasons. I disagree with his policies and cabinet so much that there's no way I could see past it. It's not imaginary party lines, it's not my team versus your team. If they can support a vocally racist, sexist, delusional rapist, then we would not get along.
Tolerance for authoritarianism is a pretty bright line.
I'm not saying you should be looking for incompatabilities, but sometimes incompatabilities pop up that you can't resolve.  For some relationships, the election may have accelerated the discovery of those incompatabilities.
I find that a lot of women are not fans of the idea of their partners being rape apologists.
Because of facts. I'm tired of people not taking politics seriously snd thinking it's just a personal choice like what church you go to. If you support the Republican party, especially at this point, you are actively harming our country. Other Americans are suffering because of their ignorance. That's a totally valid reason to leave someone.
It's not the thing that *most* defines you - great job putting words in my mouth though, champ! - but it is absolutely 100% a reflection of your values.  And I'm not talking about parties, I'm talking about voting for Donald Trump specifically.  About half my family has voted R their whole lives, and many of my friends do, too.  No problem there.I know plenty lifelong R voters - my father and grandmother included - who found Donald Trump too appallingly devoid of basic decency, respect for other humans, and understanding of the fundamental foundations of our government, to vote for him.  Any candidate from *any* party should have those things, at bare minimum.  Trump is an avaricious narcissist and pathological liar who is apparently physically unable to feel empathy, and whose sole motivation seems to be self-aggrandizement.  People love to talk about how they look for a candidate that represents them.  For the reasons stated above, if someone feels this hateful and ignorant aspiring authoritarian *represents them* better than any of the other options, *it is a pretty goddamn strong indictment of their character*.  And if someone is so afraid of illegals, Muslims, and inner cities that they're willing to overlook all that shit?  Or they're ignorant and lacking in curiosity enough to have believed his lies about the economy?  Also an indictment of their character.And before you start wringing your hands about how hard my lack of respect for Trump voters must be making my life, don't worry - I do have friends who voted for him, and we're doing just fine.  I think less of them, but it hasn't really affected my life in any way whatsoever.Edit for your edit - >Democracy is about respecting that we each have one vote. It's not about splitting and fighting over who gets to force more people into their kind of vote. Once you understand this, there is nothing to argue about with your loved ones.Wtf does this even mean?  Respecting that people each have one vote does not obligate me to respect how they choose to use it, if their choice is abhorrent.  Just like respecting a white supremacist's right to speech doesn't obligate me to respect what he says, or him as a person.And fortunately for me, my loved ones are all people who share my basic sense of values.  Even the lifelong Republicans either abstained or voted against Trump.  Because they're educated enough to know his fucking lies for what they are, and compassionate enough to be disgusted by him.
Our Republican Party is so good at this, they can blame their successors as well.See: Obama's mishandling of Katrina
Hey now.  Liberals shouldn't spout alternative facts. We're better than that.
Well when a government colludes with Russia to win an election eh it's crazy shit 
To be fair...his cabinet members were generally qualified. We've been looking  at a parade of freaks being placed into cabinet positions carrying oversized donor checks. 
Obviously otherwise clinton would have gotten elected 
I disliked Bush and thought he was funny, but I never strongly desired to see him mocked. I still had a basic sense of respect for my president.
[deleted]
Ryan has proven himself to be completely spineless and unwilling to stand up for basic Republican ideals, forget American ideals. He's a slug who should be kept as far away from the White House as possible.
Moral fortitude?  Ryan lied about his marathon time.  And yeah, silly.  But, if he was comfortable lying about something so ridiculous (that was easily verified), what other lies does he tell?
My best case scenario would be Ryan being president, holding a special election and then letting that person be president until 2020. But who am I kidding, what are the chance that both Ryan would be president and he would hold a special election.
Right, and I'm saying it doesn't matter.  Millions of Americans (such as my parents) watch Fox and only Fox, because they literally believe that Fox is the only reliable news out there.It's the classic perception vs reality issue.  The perception of Fox News viewers clouds their view of reality.  And no healthy dose of reality is going to change their perception about Fox.Believe me.  I've tried for the past ten years.In reality, they are entertainment, you are correct, but unless you want the full third of the country to go apeshit and consider this civil war, you have to bring them up to speed with reality.
That was a local FOX affiliate, not FOX News.Not that FOX News isn't mouth-breather journalism.
Its a breakdown of the different kinds of malware the Russians used to gain access to email passwords, files, and even gain remote access. They targeted vulnerabilities in Microsoft office because of the high likelihood of that being installed on a pc. The Russians could have everyone's personal emails and files, not just Hilarys. That explanation is just off the top of my head. If anyone wants to add or correct me, feel free.More info https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backdoor_Shell https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phishing#Spear_phishing
Because when your side uses selective phrases like hacked the election and Muslim ban to make the other side look like assholes, you are in fact the assholes by twisting reality to play into your identity politics worldview.  
Bannon is that asshole in class who quotes philosophers without understanding them and thinks that makes him smart. Conniving and amoral, but I really doubt his actual intelligence.
For now. Trumps Admin is going to get torn to shreds in the next few months. Wait until Trump has had to replace everyone in his cabinet because they get removed for the Russia interference. He's going to be all alone and then the true Trump will emerge. It is going to be pathetic.
Also I see Bannon doing everything he can do stay on Trump's good side so he can continue to influence Trump.
After how he drew up the Muslim ban, (and the failure it will be) I think we should reassess the smart thing. 
1. He doesn't read anything over a couple pages. 2. He is very ignorant of how things work.3. He clearly has never read the constitution.4. He refuses intelligence briefings.5. He took a vacation in the first 10 days.6. He offered Kasich all domestic and foreign policy powers if he was vice president.On the campaign trail there was energy. People were worshiping him. Giving him his drug of choice: Adoration.Now that he's in the oval office suddenly there's no crowds cheering him on. He's bored. He clearly wasn't able to pay attention to Abe during their meeting. The energy has gone out of the man. He's probably having a serious ego hangover. He didn't know what he was getting into. 
The following are my opinions, so take 'em with a grain of salt. He's both lazy and motivated. He has zero intellectual curiosity and shows no interest in fully understanding a thing before making a decision about it. His idea of getting something done is telling someone else to get it done and taking credit for it later.Where he's not lazy is his showmanship. His need for fame and attention is so great there is nothing he wouldn't do to be in the spotlight. In this respect he's highly motivated, but not in a constructive sense. He's compelled to act to fill whatever void he has inside.His campaign was probably a logical extension of his narcissism. As with most narcissists there is no such thing as enough. The void is never filled. Since he already fancied himself the greatest businessman in history, he had to keep reaching for the next thing: power.As a side note, what worries me most about Trump is how he'll try to fill the void now. Where is up from being President of the United States?
Lol Faux News.
That's fucking horrifying.
I really hope that when President Bannon and his administration is ousted, in an act of vengeful retaliation, he releases information about aliens being real and that we're in contact with them. A man can dream...
Hate to tell you but you screwed either way
I'd say it's absolutely worrh it.  No one should have to deal with a bunch of people like that on their wedding day.
> This goes for family members too. The ol' no politics, religion, or sex talk is what helped get us to this anti-critical-thinking shit storm in the first place.This goes for family members, but I still agree with keeping it out of work.  At work, if you find somebody who is cool-headed and you mostly agree with, great.  If not, just keep your mouth shut.  You're not going to change his/her opinion, and they aren't going to change theirs.
Cool username. 
That's not what I meant, obviously, but what you said applies for me arguing about common sense in /r/politics.
I agree with this 100%. The evidence was CLEAR before the election that he was terrible, unqualified and unprofessional. There was con on people, he is doing what he promised he would do. So if you voted for him I have to re-evaluate our friendship. Why would we choose to have people who are ok with those values in our life?
And there we go, throwing labels around carelessly. If you'd rather live alone, then live with someone who votes differently than you, then you deserve your fate. 
I really think something else happened with those people. They made an immature decision, and they'll come to regret it later in life.
If I told my girlfriend I'm voting for Trump and her response was oh so you are a rape apologist then we would probably split, actually.Because this is not what a reasonable human being would react like. Here, though, it's OK. You get upvotes. 
So, your parents, your spouse, your kids, your colleagues, your employer, their clients, the companies you buy services and products from  they all must be Democrats?
Or see Americans blame Obama for 9/11. Some people are beyond uninformed 
I don't disagree with that, but it'd be awesome if everyone was scrutinized this closely. I'm sure they have been plenty of other rich donors before and there will be again. They might not have been as shady as some of these, but that's exactly what let them get by without any notice. 
We could just get President Ryan instead. It would suck, but it's fixable.
Reality? What about paid speeches, huh? What about emails? Sorry, just channeling my father.
The same direction is applied to Fox News.
oh shit.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigrationHow is it his side using the Muslim ban phrase?  What did I just link you to if it's his side saying Muslim ban? Explain please. Explain this without using left leaning individuals. Simply address this link. https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration
I'm getting tired of people who fancy themselves as intellectuals but are actually just nut jobs
1. Welcome to the world of CEO, you must be new to business. Try sending your CEO in your fortune 500 company a wall of text and see what happens (spoiler: it won't get read. Now send the same thing in a 2 sentence email and you'll get a reply.)2. Agree3. Agree4. Plausible deniability. The ability to claim ignorance on important topics, even though he authorizes it. And the public is eating the shitstain up, so it's working. That's the hallmark of a good CEO. Also he gets intel from the Kremlin anyway.5. Drug comedown and major withdrawal after months of over-tweaking on the campaign trail short-term to score a victory, in an effort to reset his tolerance levels.6. Ok.He's a CEO and he needs to up-play the ignorance-on-acts-he-authorizes card so other people will take the fall for his actions, that way someone else gets laid off and the same acts keep happening with none the wiser.He isn't lazy. He's a hard worker, and has always worked hard to screw people, whether it's not compensating workers for jobs completed or suing people and taking them to court when he's clearly at fault, ever since he was young.You don't have to be lazy or well read to think that, for example, foreigners are taking your jobs and to rally against it, against all empirical evidence. You just have to buy into shit-talking points and conspiracy theories.
To be fair that sounds more like just being plain stupid rather than lazy.
Everything Trump does is consistent with his speed and meth usage.When you're taking WWII Hitler-level meth, you can't finish a textbook. You aren't well read. But you sure as shit can fully watch a documentary in the middle of the AM.Meeting and interacting with people gives you dopamine and oxytocin rushes. Reading a pamphlet does not. The temper tantrums are *incredibly* consistent. It's like you know you have a temper tantrum, and taking a chill pill would relieve your racing thoughts. But on ultra speed, the racing thoughts and the feelings of disrespect when replaying those thoughts in your head over-and-over-and-over again causes you to lash out. You know it's wrong to do so and you'll deeply regret it later with feelings of shame, and you know the social price you'll pay for doing so, but it just feels way too good to lash out at the moment for him.As of right now, his goal is simply to quietly replace the government infrastructure with sycophants while playing up ignorance on every action that occurs that he authorizes, while filling the media talking points with another Trump antic. Everything Trump does is right out of the Putin playbook.He wants people to deny that the rigging of the election or voter fraud is impossible ad nauseum talking points, so that when the next election rolls around and he uses his executive intimidation to *actually* rig the election the way Putin does to guarantee his victory against the voters will, it will be that much harder to call him out on it-- he *will* accuse the media of being hypocrities: over the course of 4 years it was 'there's no voter fraud there's no voter fraud,' and now when I win its 'voter fraud voter fraud.' DISHONEST! No other president in the history of the United States has attacked the legitimacy of every established US institution the way Trump has.
90% approval rating no matter how he gets there?
Fake News ^TM
100% agreed!
He's our only hope of stopping the 2004 rural-city civil war and 2015 Russian nuclear strikes that ended it mannn
Carelessly? Have you not been reading the news? He or she isn't going to be alone because they choose not love Trump Supporters. I cut those people out of my life and I still have plenty of friends. In fact their was a BBC piece about Trump supporters are lonely on college campuses right now. I really couldn't fall in love with someone who supported Trump and a lot of other people feel the same. 
She'd be right though...
I have conservative friends and they don't support Trump. It's not a point of Democrat or Republican right now. 
>So, **your parents,** your spouse, your kids, **your colleagues, your employer, their clients, the companies you buy services and products from**Because we have so much choice in these things. Stop the strawman.Trust me, I've done the *right thing* and held my tounge more times then I care to admit. My SO is something I have a choice in. If they were to suddenly start supporting Trump or Cruz, I'd have a nice long chat with them. If they couldn't see how selfish etc they were being, it would be over right there. This isn't the middle ages where your parents choose who you spend your life with.
His executive order limited all immigration from countries that were determined terrorist hot-beds (by Obama's DHS I believe). A Muslim ban that doesn't ban about 85% of the Muslim world isn't a very good Muslim ban. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He called her *Pochahontas*. Repeatedly. Holy shit. edit, because some folks don't see the problem:Try this experiment. Go to a gentleman who claims a little African in his heritage, accuse him of lying, and call him Mandingo. See how that works out for you.edit 2:Kids, Pochahontas was a real actual person. She was kidnapped by the English as a teenager, married off to one of them, and died of disease a few years later in 1617. She was not just a made-up Disney princess. The Disney movie is regarded by many as an offensive piece of whitewashing revisionism, particularly as it sexualizes someone who was married at the age of 17 to one of her captors.
America really sucks right now. 
The Dems attending that luncheon should have walked out the moment the *fearful leader* used an ethnic slur against a sitting United States Senator.  Treat tRump the same way the dishonorable Senator McConnell treated the Honorable Senator Warren. Silence tRump! To hell with deference and protocol. That privilege should only be afforded to those who earn it. Dems MUST stop pretending this conduct is *acceptable and normal* and act accordingly. 
Please do me a favor if you live in one of these districts because, they only care if you live there. Ask them Why did you sit here doing nothing when he demeaned Elizabeth Warren?
Trump is really pleased with this insult. To me, it's no different than calling someone Jackie Chan or Coltrane if they say they have Asian or African ancestry. 
>Pocahontas is now the face of your party,said pumpkin-hitler (current face of the republican party) without a shred of introspection 
> As soon as photographers and reporters had filed out of the Roosevelt Room, Trump jeered at the gathered Democrats, Pocahontas is now the face of your party, according to officials familiar with what was discussed. [...] Trump also charged during the lunch meeting that Warren only claims she's Native American because of her high cheekbones, a source said.Shame on the *democrats* present for not standing up and walking out when the president went racist and attacked one of their colleagues. I'd call shame on the republicans, too, but the last three weeks have proven that they have no shame.
Our leader- always ready with an insult.
Mr. President,  as an American and a patriot I find your remarks to be distasteful and not befitting those of our nation's leader. Said no Republican ever  Get some balls guys. This is becoming a global embarrassment     
Why didn't the Democrats present call him on his bullshit? 
So... Warren reads a letter from Martin Luter King Jr.'s widow and is silenced for impugning a senator. Trump repeatedly belittles Warren in racial terms, senators do jack shit about it.    The GOP: redefining cowardice every day. 
They cant be surprised that he insulted and belittled them and Warren.  Why on Earth are Democrats meeting with this man?  Time to form a government in exile and wage political war on these racist demagogues.
This is just so absurd I don't know how to function anymore.  Our president is complaining about illegal voters that don't exist and openly using ethnic slurs against a Senator.
He pretty much insult anyone who doesn't agree with him. I only wish the orange buffoon can learn a few more words to add to his limited vocabulary. 
Shame on every person in that room for not standing up to 45 and his racist, slanderous comments.
Isn't here some kind of rule against maligning a senator? I feel this has come up recently.
Apparently Trump's strategy to bring the country together is to immediately insult the opposing party. You can't write this shit. This guy is truly a emotionally unstable moron. 
That's some top-tier uniting and healing the divide right there.No, wait, I meant the exact same kind of racist bullying we've come to expect from our so-called president.
Bullying a woman, real tough Donnie.
I didn't realize he was claiming illegal votes in New Hampshire.  NH is 99% white, how are millions a Mexicans supposedly able to vote there?  I know this is just a game he is playing to distract from the damage to the nation he is causing, but can we just have him committed?   It's just embarrassing.
If this is true to the extent the article states, I admit to being genuinely puzzled why the present Democratic senators didn't either tell him off or walk out. It's not that I don't understand the concept of comity, but if he was truly jeering (and adjective I'm guessing was invented by the journalist) why would they not effectively say, You're not our - or for that matter our GOP colleagues' boss - and while I respect that you invited us into your home, you will not speak to us like that.Why does the POTUS get to say whatever he wants and the top representatives of a supposedly equal branch of government just sit there? It makes me either think it didn't go down like that or I don't understand that powers at play in these kinds of conversations.
Democrats should have told him he cannot speak like that in their presence and should have been prepared to walk out. 
And yet the Trump family used to pretend that they were Swedish, because they considered it to be classier than being German.Maybe people should mock Donny by calling him Lief or Olof.
What a piece of shit he is.  SO presidential that he refers to members of congress by racially charged names.
I'm glad that Trump is not divisive like Barack Obama. /s
My question is, why do people sit there and take it. If I was one of those Democrat Senators, I would have walked out immediately. STOP GIVING HIM THE TIME OF DAY. I dont give a shit that he is president. You do not have to take his abuse.
Personally, I would consider an insult from Trump a badge of honor.Go for it asshole, give it your best shot.
A few things.First realize that the DC football team is called the Redskins. Which is to say America has a problem with tolerating slurs against Native Americans. Second in this article it says Trump repeated his claim of 3 million illegal votes. This fucking guy.Lastly it says all the democrats felt awkward. Where is someone to call this idiot out? I know he's the President, and 'it's just not done'. But when he's insulting a senator and pushing a blatant lie, he's already lost the respect of the office. 
That's OK, a shit-gibbon is the face of the GOP.
I am in NO WAY defending Trump, he is awful beyond belief.But I have a serious question for the Warren supporters in this thread, and those who want her to run for higher office:Can she?  Should she?  Is she damaged goods due to her Native heritage claims?  She accepted a teaching position based on an unverified claim of Native ancestry and high cheekbones (her words).How will she fare with being dragged through the mud in a presidential campaign when all an opponent has to do is say yeah, well you pretended to be Native! Shame!I like her, I really do.  I'm just afraid she won't be able to shake this off.Edit for the down vote brigade: I'm trying to have a substantive conversation about this, not trolling. If you would like to read up on this see  [this WaPo article](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-controversy-over-elizabeth-warrens-claimed-native-american-heritage/2012/09/27/d0b7f568-08a5-11e2-a10c-fa5a255a9258_blog.html?utm_term=.a59e68b74dc0)
Everything about Trump is awkward.  SMH.
Insults from that piece of shit are badges of honor.Adding: Who were the Democrat Senators at that meeting?  They need to hear from people, for sitting back and letting that racist piece of shit insult their colleagues.
Trump talking to Democrats:  Pocahontas is now the face of your party.The majority of the population considers Trump a pathological liar.  Somehow the shitgibbon misses the fact that HE is the face of the Republican party, has already done enormous damage to their image, and is far less credible than Warren is.  
That's nothing, Trump is now the face of the Republican party.
Everyone is up in arms about the Dems being weak. Meanwhile the Congressional Republicans are allowed to hide behind Donnie. It's the same bullshit Trumpists pulled after the election. They managed to blame the Dems loss on liberals who did not vote for Hillary out of protest. Meanwhile the people who voted for Trump paradoxically got a pass. That's why Hillary lost.It's time we ditch the Don and go after the GOP leadership. 
He still maintains the election he won was rigged despite there not being any evidence? What kind of man baby is this? 
If Pocahontas is on the table, so is Cheetolini.
Wait until he starts calling black people that word. You know he wants to.
The respected and highly regarded white house has become Trump's locker room where can freely throw around racial slurs with his buddies 
Every day I just despise this clown more. I cannot imagine how this will all feel for four years. I cannot understand he still has supporters who are also rational, intelligent people.
OK to all the ~~fucking idiots~~ misguided people who keep suggesting that the Dems *can't* walk out of meeting like this because of 'doing their jobs', do you not realize the structure of our government? The executive branch is separate from the legislative branch. I don't care about 'looks' or 'being professional' at this point. There is **NOTHING** forcing a congressperson from having to sit at a table and silently stare as that festering child insults people.Do their jobs? Hell yes. There shouldn't be a single fucking vote that the Dems miss until he is out of office. But go to a meeting with him? Hell no! Or if they do, they should just wait until he inevitably insults someone of says something demonstrably false, call him out on it and walk out as a group.Sitting there tacitly letting him shit on *anyone* is unacceptable, and they must stop it now.
He's always threatened by people who are superior than him in various arenas. Senator Warren is rather intelligent, non-partisan and classy, while Donald is none of those things. He lashed out at what scares him. 
You have the injustice of this election rubbed in your face and one of your own repeatedly racially mocked and you just have an awkward meeting? They should have just walked out until donnie can sit at the table like a fucking adult.
When it comes to Republicans, never assume stupidity for what can be explained by malice.I heard on Morning Joe a few days ago that Trump's dream scenario is to run against Warren in 2020. For some reason, he thinks he can handedly beat her. The panelists theorized that this is why McConnell shut her down for reading the letter from Coretta King while letting her fellow Democratic senators speak, in order to elevate her profile in the Democratic party. They know that whichever Democrat Trump insults is going to have a bigger spotlight among the Democratic base. They want to prod her into running for 2020.If so, I think it's working, whether or not they are right that Warren is easy to beat.
I want a Warren/Sanders (or vice versa) ticket so bad, but I have a sinking feeling that Trump's unapologetic totally-not-sexism and contemptuous treatment of his opponents would torpedo almost anybody. We can't run a Trump, and I think this country is too quietly sexist and feverishly capitalistic and even anti-Semitic to elect a ticket featuring a fiery outspoken woman and a no nonsense socialist-leaning Jew. 
What a piece of shit.  Violence would be too good for this guy.  He deserves to get the full Trading Places treatment, but not in a funny way.
I feel badly for every Republican lawmaker that has to sit next to racist grandpa at times like this.  They're all going to devote chapters in their autobiographies declaring that they never actually supported Trump despite basically sucking his dick through all of this.I might make a database of republlican excuses for tolerating him.  Should be hilarious.
Every day Trump proves us once again that he is mentally ill.
Man I hope Liz insulted him right back. Its so easy to insult him theres so much material.
Shouldn't democrats in the room just get up and leave at the point he starts name calling?
He's still talking about the popular vote.  I think it was Jon Favreau who said, someone should ask Trump why all those fraudulent voters went to another state and voted Hillary at the top and then straight-ticket Republican for every other race.
Republicans and Trump are going to win her the presidency. Everytime they gun for her, she looks even more credible. So, thanks!
> Also at the meeting, Trump apparently brought up his completely unsubstantiated claim that millions of people voted illegally for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.Again! Worse at holding on to past than my teenager after a breakup
War on political correctness = Normalization of verbal abuse.
As a white Native American from SC the comment about cheek bones makes me angry. Literally when I got into an Ivy League school my friends told me you only got in because you're Native American my heritage is Native American but my culture is now. According to the IRS and my government I am legally a Native American of the Catawba Tribe. No cheeks bones were measured when I visit the reservation ever year. Fuck this man. 
You know someone doesn't have a leg to stand on in political arguments when they start name calling. 
Thats fine. She will get his job soon enough.
A friend of mine who is native American stated he thought Trump was racist... I said, possibly I don't think it's been fully blatant. I think he says things without thinking and is relatively arrogant to it.... but imagine Trump going up to someone who's native American (or claims to be ) and calling them Pocahontas.... Or going up to a Jewish person and calling them Anne Frank.Pretty racist imo, think he changed my mind there thinking he was just an ignorant rich person blind to the world and social queues. 
This is a travesty. Elizabeth Warren is a brillant woman who deserves nothing but our respect. 
How the fuck is this remotely acceptable? Repeatedly using a racial slur? What the actual fuck?
Because that's what I want in a president- the one who feels the need to throw out bigotted, racist, misogynist insults instead of doing his job.
Lemme guess...Pocahontas
It can't be said enough times:  trump is an ass
> Journalists were initially present for the Thursday meeting at the White House, but escorted out after a photo-op and a couple of questions.>>As soon as photographers and reporters had filed out of the Roosevelt Room, Trump jeered at the gathered Democrats, Pocahontas is now the face of your party, according to officials familiar with what was discussed.Well, at least he waited until they kicked the press out?  /facepalm
LOL he's making fun of someone's ancestry that he can't seem to prove when his orange ancestors changed their last name because their old name was trash.
The opening to this article reads like a Hitler reacts to... video. Remember those? It would be so fitting if someone knew how to make weekly ones of Trump's headlines! 
What senators were at this meeting? I'd like to know if mine was so I can call him on Monday and lambast him. 
The worst thing about it is not his insults (they are to be expected) but the fact that he did not get aggressive push back from the other congressmen in the room. They were sitting there like castrated sheep. And this is indeed disgraceful. 
How is this sleazebag President? 
This man is unhinged. Whether he believes Warren or not, this is not the way a President acts. Just replace him with another Republican. Can anyone imagine Reagan, or either Bush, doing this?
Is there a Federal HR department that can deal with these workplace harassment and hostile work environment issues?
To which she should respond with  President child rapist 
Maybe they should have just walked.  Don't engage with this pig.  Is meeting somebody like him in person even productive?  He's demeaning to the entire governmental process.
Why didn't they all just walk out? Sounds like another joke of a meeting where Trump is trying to validate his presidency and run campaign stump speeches. Don't waste your time listening to hot air, there is a country to run.
All of this and not a single person has the courage to be quoted??
Hey look, the president is embarrassing the country again!  ...Is this the great part?  Is he Making America Great Again by leveling 5th-grade level insults?
He makes me feel uncomfortable
He thinks she's going to be the Democratic nominee in 2020, and is getting ready from now.
Like a really bad lounge singer conned himself into office by bullshitting gullible, desperate and uneducated people to vote for him.Why do they still back him?Answer:Donald Trump has an alternate media in place for just this type of presidency. He keeps yelling fake news into his echo chamber regardless of how blatent his lies become. These people that watch his alternate media and shun the mainstream news in favor of the echo chamber. My brother in-law is among them. He tells me he's still a humanist and environmental activist but supports Trump...WHAT?!
Jesus fuck everything about this guy.
Too Early? http://imgur.com/gallery/ZmIZxi6
So I ask the Democrats sitting in that room why did you remain silent and why did you not immediately walk out when this man insulted a member of your party and repeated his mentally deranged claim of voter fraud? You ask your citizens to organize and speak out against injustice, yet you remain silent. Lead, lead, lead!!!
what an ignorant fuck 
Every day their is a different scandal with Comrade trump.  Now they have General flynn lying about his contacts with the Soviets.  The pictures of flynn, sitting at the right hand of Putin, are pretty damning.
Every day it's clearer this is a nazi ideology in the White House. 
So, let me get this straight:Elizabeth Warren provides no proof of her Native American heritage, which has provided her absolutely nothing in terms of personal or professional gain. Donald Trump mocks her and calls her Pocahontas.Donald Trump provides no proof for ANY OF THE SHIT HE SAYS, all of which has gotten him into the fucking *White House*. But we're not allowed to criticize or demand evidence because he's Donald Trump.God fucking dammit, he cannot get out of the Oval Office fast enough.
She needs to own her nickname somehow.Or at least point out that people calling her that are not making actual political arguments, but causing distraction from amateur policy making.
Scott Brown level of intellect
Will Warren run in 2020?
>President Trump repeatedly referred to Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren as Pocahontas during a bipartisan lunch meeting with senators earlier this week, according to sources.>As soon as photographers and reporters had filed out of the Roosevelt Room, Trump jeered at the gathered Democrats, Pocahontas is now the face of your party, according to officials familiar with what was discussed.What an absolute piece of shit our President is, simply marvelous... /s
Orange skin Wasicu has shitty scalp, but I will take it anyway. Hoka Hey Bitch.
Trump is Mr. Toad. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Toad
What a racist piece of shit. 
Trump is disgusting. He is intimidated by a strong native American woman so he has to resort to insults. Cant wait until hes beaten by her in 2020.
Heh heh. I'm 1/2 Native and look it; call me 'Tonto' once and I'll probably laugh; call me Tonto half a dozen times and we're going to have a serious social encounter. Does this buffoon in the *White* House have any concept of how many millions of people he pisses off daily with his childish name-calling?
His people don't bat an eye.   This is normal for them 
Impeachment probably isn't enough for this guy. They should really start polling who would like to beat his face to orange pulp.
Racism is not ok. This is not normal. 45 is not a legitimate leader. The only legitimate SCOTUS nominee is Garland, otherwise it is a stolen seat. Flynn, Trump, Pence, McConnell, Tillerson, Ryan, and the rest touched by the Russia scandal need to sit for public hearings and explain to us wtf the knew and when. **Donald owes Warren and all Americans a fucking apology.**
That's on par with Trump calling Carson Uncle Ben but apparently any slurs for Native Americans are ok. 
Where is this coming from, anyway?
I can totally envision an Onion headline reading:*Trump insults Elizabeth Warren at White House meeting, repeatedly refers to the senator as 'Sohcahtoa'* 
Warren needs to **retort** with I'm going to **poke** them and I'm going to **haunt** them. They will rue the day they went against the American people.And if she repeats that enough, it will fly around Facebook and CNN will loop it and then the GOP can't use it anymore, because people will just imagine her poking and haunting them and they'll look like the losers they are.All we need is a meme of Trump being afraid She's going to POKE-and-HAUNT-US!
You could stay up all night and still not make this shit up.
I'd just go with Coward for Trump. The constant tantrums, the draft dodging, constantly backing down to Putin, Nieto telling him to get Fucked. I think President Coward is pretty fitting
In front of her. Wut.
The pinnacle of civil discourse, name-calling.She should have called him shitgibbon in return. 
Or let's say a guy has German ancestry and promotes racist policies, can we call him Hitler? 
Trump's been saying it as a pejorative since at least mid-2016, and it first came up during her 2012 Senate race. Basically, it ensures that any mention of Warren devolves into meaningless questioning of her heritage from the Right. If Warren runs for President in 2020, it'll probably be that year's equivalent of But Her Emails!
America is pathetic right now.  
Imagine the shit fits Republicans would have had if Obama had started openly mocking GOP Senators.
I liked the old seasons better
it's sucked for a long time, it's just now it's like a reality tv show
i disagree.  the american executive and legislative branches of government really sucks right now.the fact that we can still organize, protest, voice our opinions and dissent is one of the great things about our country.the day we let trump and the gop kill, poison, and (they're trying to do this now) silence their critics and opposition is the day america really sucks.
Nations get the government they deserve.
That's actually a terrible attitude to have.This nation began with a proclamation that all men are created equal yet black people were only worth 3/5 of a person and women couldn't vote.  We had noble aspirations but as a society we were not ready to live up to them. However, over the generations we've managed to slowly get closer to those ideals.   We are not there yet but we've come a long way and we're still on that journey. So now what do we have; we have Trump as president and in a lot of ways he represents some of the worst of American culture.   However, if you consider how he came about.... barely half the people in the US voted at all and of those that did, less than half, by a large number, didn't vote for him.  Even those that did vote for him, some were the closet racists, some were #NeverClinton or #NeverDemocrat, doe were guardedly optimistic that he would turn out better, etc...  if Trump represents the worst of American culture, he doesn't actually represent most of American cultureHowever, what has happened?  He doesn't have the support of the majority of the people. The rest of America is standing up to him, vocally and demonstratively.  And the rest of the world is actually seeing it; they think the President is a dangerous buffoon but they realize he was elected with really having the support of most of America and they see Americans fighting back against him.  The judicial system is showing that our system of checks and balances makes it a lot harder to become a dictator here than a lot of people were fearing for (or hoping for amongst those)We're seeing that the structure of the government is stronger than just the Presidency (and stronger than one party can be) and that the American people can be stronger than the person holding the office.Sure we're going through a rough time, but so far we're seeing that collectively we are stronger than our mistakes 
Let's be more accurate. Republicans suck.
right now 
Does anyone remember when some asshole republicans yelled you lie at Obama during a state of the union address? Pepperidge Farm remembers. These fucks have no shame or class.
He is unhinged 
Congressional Dems need to grow a backbone, I've been waiting decades for them to do so.
[WaPo article:](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/post/elizabeth-warren-struggles-with-response-to-native-american-questions-again/2012/05/03/gIQAz8pLzT_blog.html?utm_term=.2a02a54b2112)> I have lived in a family that has talked about Native America, talked about tribes, since Ive been a little girl, she said. I still have a picture on my mantle at home, and its a picture of my mothers dad, a picture of my grandfather, and my Aunt Bee has walked by that picture at least a 1000 times, remarked that her father, my Pappa, had high cheekbones, like all of the Indians doYeah, how do you poke fun at that?
I expect Republicans to be craven tRumplickers, but for Democrats to sit through that is disgusting.
The article states that Trump said it as he was leaving the room, so the Dems didn't have a chance to walk out on him. 
That would require backbone.  But once again, the Dems love to just sit there and take it.  And we wonder why they keep losing.  
Just stop calling him Mr. President. Don't give him the courtesy and decorum he sneered at his entire political career. Call him Don, Mr. Trump, whatever. No need for nicknames. Just deny him the title he so desperately wants. 
Who were all the dem senators there? 
They don't care about that either. Chaffetz accused a town hall meeting in Utah of being made up of paid protestors bused in.Also, where's the list of who was at the meeting?
Is there a list of who was there? I read through the article but didn't see one.
Most likely those people share the same shitty racist viewpoint as well
Because she read Coretta Scott King's letter about Jeff Sessions' racially-motivated voter suppression on the floor of the Senate... duh
Because it's the same fucking thing!! In what world is it okay to denigrate someone who has a different political view.In regards to doing it to Trump.... if he didn't fly off the handle and acted like an adult these mental health comments would stop.
It's more like calling a black person Kunta Kinte or an Asian person Long Duck Dong
More specifically, it's like calling someone Jackie Chan when they're very specifically not Chinese. It's not just racist, it's the kind of dumb racist that doesn't even get their racism right.
So true and so sad. And so scary 
Is having Pocahontas as the leader of the party a bad thing?  I am slightly concerned in her choice in male companionship but that's a minor detail.  She seems like a pretty competent and decent person overall.  Should be great at standing up for civil rights and on environmental issues.Maybe the Dems should officially adopt Pocahontas as their party symbol.  Sure beats the hell out of the donkey.  I mean, I think it's time to drop a symbol when 1) it's an ass, and 2) it came from Andrew Jackson.
I prefer Twitler to the other Trump pejoratives.  At the same time it mocks his tweeting, compares him to Hitler, and calls him stupid.  It's such a good name for him.
Aka Biff from Back to the Future
Shame on all the men and women in that room for not standing up to him 
I think they played this one correctly. Trump restrained himself while the media was present, then opened the shit floodgates once they left. The Dems stayed and listened, and then filled the media in on what they missed.It would have been a feel-good moment if they had stormed out, but they chose to stay and let Trump hamstring himself. Now the Democrats look respectful, and Trump looks worse. 
I think it's time Bernie came to smash his face in, no?If he's a little miffed at Warren going after him, wait til he gets a load of this Jew.
Like a man child 
During the campaign Trump and his surrogates constantly accused Hillary of running a negative campaign all the while Trump was like a little whiny school boy calling people names:Crooked Hillary, Lying Ted, Little Marco and Pocahontas.  What kind of leader continues to call people derogatory names like he's an petulant adolescent?  The intelligent Republicans have to be shaking their heads in shame. 
We need the perfect insult to rebuttle with
They have no backbone 
Republicans love this stuff! I fully expect to see a law passed making it perfectly acceptable to call a black person boy. 
Wondered that myself. Wish someone would record some of these meetings so America can hear what kind of buffoon and bully this clown really is. 
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
They do. But they need to do it more 
What would that achieve, realistically? Look at it this way: the meeting was an attempt to curry favor with Dems so that Gorsuch can be confirmed. Trump's negotiation strategy was to fling racially-charged insults at the party leadership and try to scare those present into supporting him. If I was at that table, I would listen politely, leave as quickly as possible without asking questions, and report what just happened to the press... which seems to be exactly what happened.Trump fucked this one up. The whole purpose of the meeting was to get support from Democrats, and he utterly failed. This was not a battle that needed to be fought, the enemy fell on his own sword. 
I think they're clever enough to hit him about it when he does it publicly, first.  Behind closed doors? Too removed.By not screaming now, he gets a little more ego about saying it brazenly. Increases the odds he'll think less about doing it during a more public fight on an issue or bill.Then, they roll out the outrage when they can show the people how he's an embarrassment to the country. His polling dips, other nations speak against his slur. It becomes the focus of the discussion and the GOP is forced to deal with it instead of their platform.
Seriously. She presented testimony from a civil rights icon saying they were about to elect a racist... so they forced her to be silent and their leader called her a racial slur. How does *anyone* with a conscience think this is okay?
Government in exile? Get real. The actual government still has to operate and politically it's better to let the Republicans do what they're doing and for the Dems to be the party of resistance, while still being at the table.If they walk away then they open themselves up for additional criticism from the right. So, they take it and bide their time. If things continue they way they're headed Republicans will have to start distancing themselves from Trump or risk a massacre at the pole in 2018.
This I don't understand either 
> Why on Earth are Democrats meeting with this man?Because they still have to do their jobs.>  Time to form a government in exile and wage political war on these racist demagogues.You want to hand complete and utter control of government over to a single party?  Because this is how you do that.  Once you walk out of the room, you lose all the power to fight these people.  This is the quickest way for the Right to point and say look at those whiny quitters not doing their job and rally their base even more while the left alienates theirs.
Why would they meet with him?Because he's the President and such things are required to have a functional government...
That would never work. Come on man. That's civil war talk.
Never interrupt your enemy while he's making a mistake. I feel it would be a blunder for the Dems to do anything that may take the attention, and more importantly, the blame away from Trump. He's becoming more and more unhinged as the losses pile up. It's only a matter of time before he breaks. Dems should resist but remain patient. 
And they said nothing in respect to calling Warren pocohantas and making shit up about voter fraud.   What a great oppurtunuty to get him even more unhinged by trading barbs with him.  Come grab my pussy Donald needs to be said.  
Sadly we knew this would happen. It's the new status quo for America and the White House 
Don't forgot those fictional terrorist attacks.
He can't learn 
It's worth pointing out that he insults and hates women more though.
Only during floor debate in the Senate chambers. 
It only applies if you're a woman. 
That's what he is good at doing.  One of the only good things he knows how to do 
He claims - without one bit of evidence, naturally - they were brought in on buses from Massachusetts.
He is a total embarrassment 
Maybe I don't know the whole story, but I believe that those who don't speak out against or respond to Trump's behavior are complicit in it.
Exactly. The proper response from the democrats present should have been to stand up and walk out.
Someone needs to put him in his place.  People are trying but then he puts them in their place  like a proper dictator that he is 
I thought he was Scotch?
It was more that they were worried about alienating NYC Jewish businessmen and bankers. Fred Trump Sr also joined a Jewish fraternity (and, no, he wasn't secretly Jewish). And I'd go with calling Trump the Swedish Chef. People can chant Bork!Bork!Bork! at him.
It's hard to criticize too much for that. Two World Wars made it hard to be German.
Well, hes the president ~~-elect~~,  Conway shrugged. So thats presidential behavior, yes.
Trump openely asks for the divide. 
Or at least call him out on it: With all due respect Mr. President, I will not sit here and have you denigrate a Senator with racial slurs. Sir, you are beyond the pale!And then start a food fight.
She should be able to shake it off because it's all baseless claims.
Lol. Omg she said one thing. And she was recalling her family stories. Yet trump tells people he grabs women by the pussy and he wins. Lmao.  Double standard 
I'd love to see her run but if the democrats have a competitive primary...I didn't think she makes it. Hope I'm wrong though!
He is the definition of awkward 
He still has that celebrity/entertainment mindset. Anything for a laugh. He goes for cheap, base level humor because it's easier than appealing to anyone's intellect. 
One who stays up all night and has temper tantrums 
U know he is waiting for that moment 
Disgusting pig that he is 
He is the new low for disgust 
Walk out of that meeting and filibuster every single piece of legislation he supports. Call him the child rapist that he is in every media opportunity. 
Look how America voted for trump. A Jew and a women running together is is as bad black man running for these types of people who voted for trump 
Please share that datatbase. Publish it too. 
Since he threw his hat into the race , I knew this man had personality disorders and mental instability 
But she is a real women and won't stoop down to this child. 
she has less of a chance than hillary did. 
Yep. Once he decides on a schoolyard insult he doesn't give it up.
I thought their last name was Loompa.
That's what bullies  do 
Some one needs to get up on it and make it happen ....
Agreed. Need a list of senators 
Millions ask this question daily.  And we have an answer because less then half the voters thought he will be their hero 
Because democrats were too lazy to get off their fat asses and vote on Nov 8. Simple as that.
One would imagine there is an ethics committee. U can't say that at ur office or u get fired. Yet he says and does whatever he wants 
Like getting grabbed in the pussy or violent hemorrhoids?
How can ur BIL back trump and swear that he is a humanist and environmental supporter.  Doesn't compute 
And for some reason 25% of Americans voted for the above.   The other 75% either voted against him or didn't vote at all Wtf did we get ourselves into. And I really want to speak to the people that are eligible to vote and did not vote.  Wtf were they thinking ? 
I disagree.  She's better off not saying a word about it one way or another.  Rolling her eyes or dismissive body language seems sufficient.
I say ignore it, don't stoop to their level.
It's not an easy nickname to turn around like Obamacare, due to the fact that it's used to insult her heritage and gender.
Honestly, she and Bernie are too old. And we need them in the Senate.Gillibrand or Duckworth seem like strong choices.
His bootlickers love it.
> Does this buffoon in the White House have any concept of how many millions of people he pisses off daily with his childish name-calling?Half. He's counting on it.
No, he doesn't, and he also doesn't care about losers, you know, anyone not white or rich or Republican.
He really doesn't care 
He likes peoples who didn't suffer genocide. If anyone doesn't know, might makes right is a naturalistic fallacy. 
> and we're going to have a serious social encounter.I am stealing this line 
He did this all through the campaign and then his people showed up to vote and normal people sat home with their thumb up their asses saying I don't like either one.
This is a man who appears to thrive on hate.  I don't think it matters to him if the object of public hatred is directed at others or at him.Incidentally, my ancestry is very muddled.  I would like to think I would take it as a compliment to be called Pocahontas.
I think of him as an internet troll made real.   He delights in trying to trigger people, and his supporters are happy to see people they dont/wont respect insulted and hurt. 
I also am half Native, but I want to call him Chief Little Hands in the worse way 
His campaign was as much a war on political correctness as it was about xenophobia.
It is normal.  Go read comments on any pro trump or even conservative site.  They constantly call her Pochahontas.  Usually there's also a fake news story cited that claims she has no native american heritage at all.  Somehow both get upvoted by the same people.
It's like calling Keanu Reeves 'Confucius' because he might possibly have some Asian in him.
Stockholm Syndrome
Yep. Fortunately there were democrats in that meeting. Might not have heard these details otherwise.
I really hope the general population doesn't get used to this 
I'll settle for impeachment. Save mob justice for the actual dictators, not the wannabe Dorito.
I don't want impeachment for him. Impeachment would make him a martyr, a victim of politics, in the eyes of many. I want him to resign in disgrace like Nixon. Because that would make him a quitter and a loser - and that would be the worst for him and an admission of guilt.
I'm just going to shit on his grave.Then tweet it.
> They should really start polling who would like to beat his face to orange pulp.Looks like someone already did
I would like to see him put in prison for the rest of his life, fucking traitor. 
That's not a great mantra for mediation, but I'll use it. 
But when William Jefferson Clinton, who was born William Jefferson Blythe III in Hope, Arkansas, calls Trump supporters rednecks, they call for his head. 
Warren's family story is that she's [part Native American](http://www.cnn.com/2016/06/29/politics/elizabeth-warren-native-american-pocahontas/). >I am very proud of my heritage, Warren told NPR in 2012. These are my family stories. This is what my brothers and I were told by my mom and my dad, my mammaw and my pappaw. This is our lives. And I'm very proud of it.>In that account and others, a genealogist traced Warren's Native American heritage to the late 19th century, which, if true, would make her 1/32 Native American. (However, the legitimacy of those findings has been debated.)The 'debate' at the end there comes from people like Trump. Why? Because they don't have much else to work with. I'm 1/64 Jewish. Anybody want to call me Shylock? The idea that the president of the United States is using a schoolyard racial taunt is almost beyond belief.
During her Senate run in 2012, the GOP campaign (Scott Brown) tried to smear her by digging into her records and claiming she lied about having Native American heritage in order to get preferential treatment.  The claim was almost immediately debunked in numerous ways, of course.  But they started calling her Pocahontas (the article is wrong to credit Trump with originating this) and had campaign supporters dressed up as stereotypical Indians and doing war whoops and shit.  They haven't stopped since.
**Trig**gered.
This is the type of long-con practical joke we need to play on this admin. 
I'm really happy to be in the left, we always criticize the country we love because we want it to be better. Because we want to remove those flaws from our nation, rather than baby it, saying that it has no flaws. We are against blind patriotism. 
They would scream for impeachment. How dare a black man silence a white woman ??? 
They were a lot more believable. 
I think class to Trump and his supporters is just about money.  Like, upper class and lower class.  Trump has gaudy gold trim on all his stuff, and he thinks that's classy.  And if you look at it from the perspective of, this is something only rich people can have, he's right.Obama kept his cool no matter what these assholes were saying to/about him, and that's class to people like me, and probably you, but it's got nothing to do with class for Trump's base.  People value different things.That said, if I were at a Trump State of the Union, I might yell the same thing at Trump.  Politifact had like a running tally during the campaign and like 70% of the things he said were false, so I'd be more likely to be right, just from raw probability, but, you know, if you really thought Obama was lying, that's a thing you could do, and I'd fault you less for having no shame or class, and more for being ignorant and asserting things without evidence.
That guy was canonized as a hero in right wing circles after that incident. His picture was paraded around right wing websites as though he was tank man in Tiananmen Square.
Joe ~~Barton~~ **Wilson**. SNL had a great skit about it that week.EDIT: Thanks to /u/303onrepeat for the correction.
I think of this daily.  I'm glad you mentioned it.
I'm hoping this whole thing is like a snickers commercial and hangry Trump is going to have a snickers and turn back into Obama.  
They are paid to leave their backbone at home.
Not in a government meeting with elected officials. Save it for the proper venue, such as a light hearted event where roasts are welcome. 
I expect elected officials to have enough restraint to not mock that, let alone in a racially insensitive way.
Damn! Missed that.
Well have video of a 10 year old asking him if he believed in science...As he responded by stating we need people on both sides of the isle...Surprised he didn't bring up child labor laws about protestors...[chaffetz gets recked](http://www.theverge.com/tldr/2017/2/10/14579380/senator-jason-chaffetz-town-hall-science-question-boos-watch)
You know, I never really understood people who hated politicians.  I don't even hate Trump.  I hate what he stands for, I hate the societal factors behind his rise, but the man?  I can't say I hate *him*.Chaffetz is starting to make me understand people who *hate* a politician.  He is knowingly hurting the nation. 
Chaffetz is such a complete tool. How in the hell do people vote for this asshole? [What a crybaby](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html)>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.
>Thursdays meeting was an attempt to foster bipartisan support for Gorsuch, whose confirmation requires 60 votes in the Senate, where Republicans hold 52 seats. Attending were: Sens. Joe Manchin, Heidi Heitkamp, Jon Tester, Lamar Alexander, Chris Coons, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Joe Donnelly and Michael Bennet.  >Ayotte and White House counsel Don McGahn also took part, along with White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/trump-voter-fraud-senators-meeting-234909
It reminds me of middle school.
Exactly.  I have actually heard people call an African American kunta kinte and it wasn't a compliment 
Ho Lee Fuk
I'm not scared, and neither should yup
If Democrats changed their party symbol, it should be [Bernie's bird](https://i.imgur.com/s1NDD6L.jpg)
As much as I like and respect her character, she's not nearly as loveable as Bernie, lacks any type of charisma or flair, and doesn't have a strong speaking voice.  The Democratic Party won't win a presidential election with her being the candidate.
Hey, I resent that, lol!!  I own a mini-donk...the thing about him...he's THE smartest of all my equines, and he's the most stubborn!  He's also adorable.  It's a good thing.
Tweeto Corleone.
Shame on every single American that did not vote.
>It would have been a feel-good moment if they had stormed out, but they chose to stay and let Trump hamstring himself. Now the Democrats look respectful, and Trump looks worse.  Does it matter though? Trump was a known racist sexist bully during the election, and his voters loved him for it.We learn NOTHING NEW from events like these.
> Now the Democrats look respectful, and Trump looks worse.The problem is that there's no reward for looking respectful. Newt Gingrich was never respectful, and the American people handed his party the House in the 90s. The Tea Party was anything but respectful, and so were their candidates, and now we have Trump and they control the entire federal government. Americans see weakness and they vote for the other party.To be clear, I don't want *total* disrespect coming from the democrats, I just want them to *fight hard*, and that's something they haven't been good at for a long time. They appear weak more times than not, even when they have power, and they need to toughen up and realize that the rules have changed. No one remembers who was respectful when they go to the ballot box. They vote for the people they respect. I wish we lived in a different world. I'm making myself sick right now as I type this because I don't even want it to be true, but it is our reality now.> It would have been a feel-good moment if they had stormed out, but they chose to stay and let Trump hamstring himself.He had already hamstrung himself at that point. I wanted them to storm out after the made the statement not so much for the feel good moment, but to make a statement that they won't entertain racism for a single, solitary second. After all, what's the point of even meeting with Trump? Is he going to work with them because they were nice? He'll do as he pleases, and if democrats show any weakness whatsoever, he'll push even harder. That's his personality, and if they haven't realized that after watching him during the republican primary, then all hope is already lost.Bottom line: I felt shame for the democrats. The president of the United States made racial statements during a meeting and they sat there like fools. I think it says something unflattering about them that they were willing to sit through it.
Democrats need to STOP being respectful. Trump has done nothing to earn anyone's respect. They need to start being complete assholes if they want to compete at all. The time to go high when they go low has long since passed. 
Can we please stop with the insults already?  I have three lovely children, and having them compared to Trump is just offensive
There are soooo many things to wish for from our President, but right now I would settle for, to not act like a teenage girl.
They've proven time and time again, they have no shame.
This is third grade playground shit. This man is going to have to communicate with other world leaders. This is embarrassing. 
>What kind of leader continues to call people derogatory names like he's an petulant adolescent? That question may have been rhetorical, but there is a real answer: a [demagogue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demagogue).> **Personal insults and ridicule**>Many demagogues have found that ridiculing or insulting opponents is a simple way to shut down reasoned deliberation of competing ideas, especially with an unsophisticated audience. Pitchfork Ben Tillman, for example, was a master of the personal insult. He got his nickname from a speech in which he called President Grover Cleveland an old bag of beef and resolved to bring a pitchfork to Washington to poke him in his old fat ribs.[44] James Kimble Vardaman consistently referred to President Theodore Roosevelt as a coon-flavored miscegenationist and once posted an ad in a newspaper for sixteen big, fat, mellow, rancid coons to sleep with Roosevelt during a trip to Mississippi.[34]>A common demagogic technique is to pin an insulting epithet on an opponent, by saying it repeatedly, in speech after speech, when saying the opponent's name or in place of it. For example, James Curley referred to Henry Cabot Lodge Jr., his Republican opponent for Senator, as Little Boy Blue. William Hale Thompson called Anton Cermak, his opponent for mayor of Chicago, Tony Baloney. Huey Long called Joseph E. Ransdell, his elderly opponent for Senator, Old Feather Duster. Joe McCarthy liked to call Secretary of State Dean Acheson The Red Dean of Fashion. The use of epithets and other humorous invective diverts followers' attention from soberly considering how to address the important public issues of the time, scoring easy laughs instead.This is only #8 out of the 12 Methods of Demagogues discussed in the wikipedia article, and Trump matches them all. I encourage everyone to read the article, and see that Trump is nothing new... demagogues are a virus in the body of democracy, and they have been popping up occasionally for as long as democracy has been around.
You can't be an intelligent republican without being a total fucking asshole.. just my opinion. 
>  The intelligent RepublicansThe definition of oxymoron.
And they're still doing it. Jack Kingston just last night was on CNN calling the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals the Nutty Ninth. I don't know why they think it's reasonable for people to try to spread their propaganda-style catches phrases on what's supposed to be a news outlet.
If they were bravely standing up to Trump and the harmful things the GOP party does, they wouldn't have to be so terrified of meeting their own constituents in town hall meetings.  Such cowards.  
They would argue that the word boy isn't a racist term those motherfuckers 
His supporters would just applaud him for being a tough guy against a big, bad woman like Elizabeth Warren.
I mean right to his face. Stand up and say Mr President, you are lying. When you choose to stop doing so I'll be happy to come back. Until then, don't waste my time 
Librul tears....you lost get over it.... Emails./S
> Government in exile? Get real. The actual government still has to operate and politically it's better to let the Republicans do what they're doing and for the Dems to be the party of resistance, while still being at the table.> What are Democrats going to get at the table when Republicans control all three branches?  The only reason they are at the table is as props, so Trump can act like he's trying to be bipartisan.  Deny this man his photo ops.
Him defaming another Seantor and complaining about made us voter fraud is not a functional government. Being a part of meetings like that is not contributing to a functional government. 
Do you honestly believe the US, in it's current form, is one whole, stable, harmonic country that will at any point find peace with itself?
Temporary status quo.  Trump has done something we've needed for decades:  He's motivated millions of people to get active against Republicans.I live in a rural area that has routinely re-elected our Republican House representative.  I've been involved in our local Democratic Party on and off for a dozen years.  People are angry and ready to fight like I've never seen in my small town.  In our meeting this past week, more than 40 people showed up.  That may not sound like a lot  but don't underestimate what dozens of highly motivated people can do in a rural area.  Even if the House incumbent gets re-elected, we're going to weaken him.  We'll make him spend money and time to try to keep his seat.  We're also going to make his life miserable in the meantime if he supports harmful legislation.  He's already feeling the heat (and not just from my small town -- there is widespread dissatisfaction in his safe district).  
And she is way, way smarter than he is.
The other thing he knows how to do is non-consensually grabbing them.
Agreed 
Or any Republican who supports traditional gender roles.  I may disagree 100% with their world view, but as I understand it, they should stand up for an insulted woman, or they're hypocrites.
No, just distilled idiocy instead. :)
Fred Trump Sr. also joined the KKK in NYC.He was arrested after a march of 1,000 Klansmen in Jamaica, Queens turned into a brawl on Memorial Day, 1927. And no, he wasn't an onlooker -- he was one of the white-robed marchers.
Pfft, not so bad that you would deny your heritage and even go so far as to anglicize your surname. 
[Here is a pretty good, objective WaPo article about it](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-controversy-over-elizabeth-warrens-claimed-native-american-heritage/2012/09/27/d0b7f568-08a5-11e2-a10c-fa5a255a9258_blog.html?utm_term=.a59e68b74dc0)
It is a total double standard. That doesn't mean it's not a problem.
Or he's just a simpleton who was lucky to have a rich dad. To be honest I personally have known many rich kids exactly like this.
Voted for. Trump lost by 4 million votes. 
Everyone in NYC knows he's been idiotic since the 80s.
This is a plea for anyone who knows how to do this!
Yes, along those lines
I know, it doesn't.Here's what I figure. He says it because he figures it would be disarming. He knows the environment is on the ropes but denial makes all the concerns go away. The media must be lying because the truth is too terrifying.
Logic of the right. 
You are right.Stooping to their level is actually adding to the distraction.
I bet they love being nicknamed bootlickers. <---  I wish that was sarcastic. 
Loaferlickers is more apt. You think Trump would ever wear something as utilitarian as boots?
> His bootlickers love it.Don't you dare name-call them though. They're *special*. 
He doesn't care about white either. Rich is the only qualifier for whether you're seen as a peer. Every other demographic is just there to be satellites of admiration or are enemies of his ego.
Racist rejoiced when he was running and racist unified when he won 
It was a war on the political correctness that encourages people not to say really racist things in public.  
Except it only means PC in the sense that they want to be able to say racist things, but if racist or otherwise derogatory comments are said towards them, well that's just unacceptable. 
There's nothing 'politically correct' about being a respectful human being. He's just an asshole. He wasn't at war with anything.
Trump exemplifies right-wing political correctness. He's just as much a lily white snowflake as the most egregious example of regressive leftism.
> dear White PeopleCANCEL CANCEL CANCEL!!!&nbsp;It's funny, they just don't want to have to be pc themselves
I'm against PC is just code for please don't say anything even slightly critical about me I'm very fragile
A war on the type of political correctness they don't like. You better say 'Merry Christmas' to them, you know. 
>His campaign was a war on *treating people with respect*
My friend cites this all the time saying she got scholarship for being naive American
Elected officials saying such things unprovoked over a working lunch is a new low.
But call them mouth breathing, sister fucking Bubbas, and all hell breaks loose.
Also Cherokee Lizzy
> They constantly call her Pochahontas. Actually they usually call her Fauxcahontas.  
There's an article in The Atlantic that chains that there is no evidence that Warren has NA ancestry, or at least enough to claim it based on most standards (I am on mobile so I won't link it but the side sound be easy to find). Claiming that Warren is not NA is at least debatable, not fake news.
He did play young Buddha, so....
Isn't it flattering to be compared to a great philosopher though? 
Nah they're in the Trump Cult at this point. They love him more than America.
Although I would be lying if I said I wouldn't derive a certain satisfaction out of his final words before being lynched.  VERY UNFAIR!
Remember the fall of the actual Mussolini:>The death of Benito Mussolini, the deposed Italian fascist dictator, occurred on 28 April 1945, in the final days of World War II in Europe, when he was summarily executed by Italian Communists in the small village of Giulino di Mezzegra in northern Italy. ...The bod[y] of Mussolini [was] taken to Milan and left in a suburban square, the Piazzale Loreto, for a large angry crowd to insult and physically abuse. [He was] then hung upside down from a metal girder above a service station on the square.  ...
I'm not advocating it. I'd just like to see those figures.
My doctor, folks, great doctor, he's telling me, I've got a foot thing, so y'know, gotta resign. Not my choice. But hey - this was pretty good, right? You understand that.
He would NEVER resign.  Mark my words 
I what him to choke on a cheeseburger that he's eating while taking a shit and reading a weird fetish porn rag.  But he doesn't go out completely, he wakes up 3 days later and can't make full sentences anymore.  Having lost all his money in a government seizure for being a traitor, he is now dependent on the welfare of others sue tot he fact that he lives on the street.  Not a single person in his life cares for him without his money, and he breaks down crying every night after realizing what a piece of shit he's been his whole life.  He finally realizes what humility feels like.  And....SCENE
If he resigns he still gets protection from the secret service and a $200,000 pension, tho.
Good luck finding that dumpster in Moscow
Bring gold spray paint.
I mean he describes himself as a redneck...
> ShylockThat's a racial slur that requires an education to throw.
Same reason they pilloried Obama for wearing a tan suit and saluting with a cup of coffee: he was literally unimpeachable because he was a perfectly competent and morally upstanding president, so they had to invent trivial bullshit scandals to fuel their tizzies. 
Shylock! Loan me some money, big nose!/I could be president.
Actually the reason it became a controversy was some people consider it a typical white person dick move to claim you're a small fraction native. It's actually quite common and really meaningless but the complaint is that white people use it to seem more diverse. As far as I can tell Warren never meant offense and just stated the story how it was told to her. 
I think the name actually comes from Trump saying the heritage isn't significant enough to claim she's Native American. He accused her of lying about it if I remember correctly. 
Sadly it's not beyond belief for the likes of trump.  It's status quo in the White House now.  Sad 
How does anyone know what heritage they are, and what does it matter? Only racist bigoted assholes think calling her this is anything other than disgusting
I'm 25% ~~Ukranian~~ Russian. 
Her opponent actually brought this up during their Senate debate and it flopped horribly for him. This has been a talk radio point for awhile but it's absurd that the President would say such a thing to anyone, let alone a sitting Senator.
My family has the exact same story, as do many in Oklahoma. Due to the obviously highly concentrated Native American population, I tend to believe it. I don't think it's all that great of a leap of logic to think that many didn't, and likely refused to, sign the rolls.
> We are against blind patriotism. Someone recently came up with a new term for blind patriotism: Patriotic Correctness.  
I think it was Al Franken who said that liberals love America like adults love their parents while republicans love America like toddlers love their parents. The left acknowledges America's faults and tries to make it better and the right just screams out you can't say something bad about mommy!! when America gets criticized. 
Someone should have just gotten up and called Donald a racist pig
From the same people who months earlier had been hand-wringing and howling about respect the office
https://imgur.com/2FnTsrx
A few months ago my sketch group did a video about this very possibility, but with Clinton. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PP5HOZE4-6E
I think we should reserve the slurs for hot mics on an entertainment bus.
If she wants to prove she has native ancestry, shouldn't she be able to take a dna test? Even if it comes back negative, she could say oops, I guess aunt Bee was wrong and move on.That being said, I don't see how this is Donald's or anyone else's business, unless she is trying to apply for a native scholarship or collect some kind of tribal stipend etc. Lots of people make dubious claims about being descended from some ancient king etc. and no one gives a shit.
Yup that's the town hall he was referring to.
> Surprised he didn't bring up child labor laws about protestors.The GOP doesn't care about child labor laws. It wasn't that long ago that Newt Gingrich suggested that poor children should do janitorial work at their schools to help pay their way.
*aisle
Your username is the first person I hated politically. The first one is always special.
they seem to think it's impossible that they be disliked for NOT doing the job their people elected them to do. They think it MUST be the other side doing this!No, asshole... it's the people who's voices elected you that are now voicing their distaste with your performance.
People who have access to him need to start saying simple things like:* That's racist* That's a lie* That's not very niceHis nannies probably got fired if they ever tried to teach him these things as a child, when the rest of us learned them.
fuck i hate capito. helped fuck west virginia for 14 years in the house, now dicking us even more in the senate.
Well I hadn't called Bennet yet today. Guess it's time to do so. 
Yeah, but Bernie doesn't represent the Dems.  I'm not even certain that the Bernie wing is a majority in the Dems right now, and they are certainly not dominating the party.
I'm not saying that Warren should be the symbol of the party.  I mean that the Dems should literally adopt Pocahontas as their symbol.  Maybe ask Disney if they can use their version.  I'm thinking a blue/red version of that iconic shot of her looking at us as her hair flows in the wind.  [This pic](https://www.google.com.tw/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&ved=0ahUKEwidhdqCuYjSAhULT7wKHSsvCRwQjBwIBA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvignette1.wikia.nocookie.net%2Fcharacters%2Fimages%2F3%2F32%2FPocahontas1.jpg%2Frevision%2Flatest%3Fcb%3D20150601000252&psig=AFQjCNFYvIYEZdHjT9noZZZC3YkEjTOBSA&ust=1486916247443673).
She definitely has a strong speaking voice. 
Eh. Have to see who the candidates are. It's more rare than it seems to have a candidate that is really smart, really experienced, and really charismatic. If that person isn't out there in 2020, Warren is at least more charismatic than Gore and Kerry were. I'd be more interested in the platform. If she runs on a platform that calls to raise taxes by $7T like Bernie did with a decent chunk of it falling on the middle class, I'd be more concerned about that than her level of charisma. 
She's not Clinton/Gore/Kerry levels of charismatic though. She can be be pretty interesting when she gets worked up about something and she doesn't seem unauthentic when she does so. That's why she was such a popular guest on the Daily Show. However, both her and Sanders are getting to be a bit too old for a run in 4 years. 
Yeah, but it's still an ass.  And the symbol goes back to Andrew Jackson.  Not sure how minorities would feel about their party having a logo based on that guy...
What's new is that there was a widely held view that he'd become more presidential after the election. It's always a good look for the dems when the *president* is a racist, sexist pig
True.  Most kids are better then trump. I apologize. 
Going to have to? He has been, and it's been as atrocious as you would expect. 
And they r supposed to represent the people and they refuse to meet with the people. This is getting scary.  Who are they representing then ? Ahhh their own interests. 
And they would applaud putting a strong woman back in her placeThis is what his supporters fucking love. 
Is there a penalty for disrespecting the POtUS or not referring to him as Mr President?Like what if they started the sentence with Listen here you piece of shit...
I'd rather have Dems at the table so they can report back to us.
A functional government doesn't need to be happy and totally unified. Trump is being a dick, but it doesn't mean that the democrats should decide not to do their job of actually governing- and to do that they need to work with the president. People who say that the opposition shouldn't work with Trump have the same attitude of the republicans who shut down the government under Obama. It's childish and stupid, and will only result in increased polarization.
How can things get back to normal?  If the stuff about Russia is true means that everything is different.   The U.S. has a lot to do to demonstrate to the world that they are not hopelessly fucked.  Foreign leaders need to demonstrate friendship to the American people and not show respect to Donald trump.  
Get off reddit and go interact with others - things aren't so bad. I am a white male and live in Baltimore City and am around blacks, gays, asians, indians, etc. on a regular basis. I am never had any issues interacting with any of them and other than the Freddie Gray riots (which did not occur in my neighborhood) I have never witnessed any racial tension in this city. No one here cares about that anymore either.The United States is not going to crumble under Trump - it will be just fine.
It's not a moment, but a movement That's how revolutionary changes begin. With a movement. 
To be fair most people are smarter then him 
That's his go to 
Yes, it was that bad.[The Kind of England even changed the family name.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Windsor)And changing your name in the US is not a big stigma.
It is a problem 
Seriously. All of this oh no, I don't think we can run a woman again, society is just too sexist! handwringing is such bullshit, and also sexist. A woman got 3 million more votes than 45, and she was a controversial figure to begin with. Enough with this we need a white man to fix things. 
Everyone in NJ knows this as well 
A passionate plea.  Someone needs to make this happen. My skills are confined to working with abused kids, being a working mom and Reddit for gods sake I don't have the skills needed to make it happen. But someone can do it !! 
Toadies, lackies, lickspittles.... any will do.
Yeah, boots are for people who actually work.
Loaferlickers sounds better, you're right.
Oh, he has boots. He just doesn't wear them in public... [yet](https://onsizzle.com/i/trump-the-less-immigrants-we-let-in-the-better-pence-8369136).
Funny story... I bet many closeted-ish racists now feel like they can *finally* let their Stormfront fly with Trump in office. As someone who works closely with an HR department on harassment and discrimination claims, Bubba might be in for a rude awakening if he gives it a shot. The rules remain quite different for the indiscretions of the rich.   
It boggles the mind. 
Thing is, why don't the Dems just start using nick names for him, when in private?  Doesn't have to be racist or even that mean.  Just call him Donnie or Little T and when in public, President. He couldn't do shit about it.  
But suggesting they might be a little bit racist is why Trump won, of course.
civil society
Our long national nightmare of acknowledging the unique experiences of people different from us is over!
I'd imagine the response is Why do you have to be so mean?  It's insults like that that made us vote for him! 
Or if you merely just question their stance on something they flip out. Or you don't want Jesus in your life, they flip out. Or people want clean air and water, they flip out.
You don't even have to go that far. Point out that they're racist and they start whining about how the left are the real racists for calling them racist, lmao
He is an asshole. And so are the people who vote for him 
...while I unload all my prejudices against this laundry-list of minorities
Tons of people believe she got into college by claiming she was native American when she only made that claim on some directory she was in, lol. That's literally all it was.
If that was a typo, leave the typo.
> naive American
Don't make fun of the precious snowflakes. The world is their safe space, and they're easily triggered.
And he knows Kung fu.....
People call me, they tell me, Donald, you take the best beatings. And I tell ya, they ain't wrong. I've seen it. I take amazing, terrific beatings, the best beatings.... possibly of anyone. Ask Sean Hannity, he knows how good a beating I take
These gallows are rigged!
Pretty sure that's what Louis XIV said C'est tout  fait injuste, croyez-moi. Je suis un roi formidable, le peuple m'aime!
Good god, they went medieval on his ass.
That works.
I guess it's no surprise Hitler took his own life a couple days later.
I can see him doing it but only while blaming Obama/Hillary/Muslims
I assume he'll have it gold plated already.But I can get hammered on that booze with the gold flakes in it to give it some ZAZZ.
Exactly. He was born in, raised in and governor of fricking **Arkansas*. He speaks with a southern drawl and describes himself as what he got yelled at for calling Trump supporters. Somehow (guess why, because he was a successful and admired democrat president) the GOP has convinced their base that Bill is one of the coastal liberal elite. Give me a break.   
yeah, for some reason I don't think Trump is exactly familiar with the Merchant of Venice.  Or Othello.  Or any other Shakespeare.  He probably knows all about the Berenstein Berenstain controversy though.
Yeah check out this Rabbi Akiva over here
He'd probably assume he's that detective who's been doing so much good work in England.
Sadly true. If you prick us, do we not bleed?
Obama was additionally a pretty fun President and had mastered social grace skills.They just can't stand it.
This is true 
Veep at least. Will you let me join the country club if I vote for you?
It comes from a vicious instinct for racial antagonism. Very little to do with Warren herself.
Trump keeps identifying as a human male, but I don't think the heritage is significant enough to claim such.
And yet the same racists would call you mulatto for having a single drop of African blood.
Just to play devil's advocate, there are actually a lot of white Americans who claim to have Native American ancestry. Most of those claims aren't based on research into family history but instead come from family lore. Not surprisingly many, if not most, of these claims are [not true](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/history/2015/10/cherokee_blood_why_do_so_many_americans_believe_they_have_cherokee_ancestry.html).
I always used Jingoism, but I like it!
Indeed that was Al Franken. Conservatives love America the way a toddler loves mommy. Everything mommy does is perfect and anybody that criticizes mommy is bad. Perfect analogy of blind patriotism.
I guess Trump loves America like an elder-abuser loves their parents?
Omg awesome!   Great sketch ! 
You even made it 30-seconds long. Nice! That adds a whole extra level of difficulty.
Who gives a fuck! The point is we have madman in the Whitehouse who thinks it's appropriate to use racial slurs at an official government meetings! For fuck sake, talk about missing the forest for the trees.
Because mocking someone's identity to the point where they need to provide evidence that's going to inevitably be called fake is degrading. The fact that Obama had to produce his birth certificate was a national embarrassment. Calls of forgery not withstanding. 
[deleted]
Newt was just referencing what he knew about how Japan does that with their schoolkids. He's seen how countless Hentai start with them cleaning a classroom after school.
They do care. They believe they need to be eliminated along with all the other regulations that hinder small business.
It's not like chaffetz would know which one to use
And he surrounds himself with those types of people 
Not yet, anyhow. We'll see if Justice Democrats end up making waves in the party.
Bernie absolutely does represent the Dems right now, more than ever. Much more so than Warren. He's the de facto leader of the party in opposition to Trump's administration, and certainly the Democrat with the largest political following and most political capital.The [Bernie bird moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc2TVLoxsDA) was exactly the kind of auspicious visual symbolism that can inspire generations. Regardless, I agree with you at least that the donkey should be dropped.
that pic links to a bunch of words in some asian language.
For real. Not Obama quality, but still up there. Better than Bernie too. Sanders is probably a bit short of average quality. Works with what he's got, but it's hardly a strength.Warren isn't awesome at the rah rah thing, but damned can she deliver a well focused speech. 
And have bigger hands.
Outspoken women remind them of their mom taking away their video games.They fucking *love* when a woman is put in her place.
No penalty. But people will get on your ass for not respecting the office. 
>People who say that the opposition shouldn't work with Trump have the same attitude of the republicans who shut down the government under Obama. Oh really? Can you point me in the direction of quotes from Obama insulting Senators?
I'm not talking about racial relations, but about whites vs whites - conservative white americans fighting liberal white americans for ownership over the US.
This is a movement we've been trying to get going for years.  It's very encouraging to finally see it come to life with lots of energy.
Well said. 
And that was after the FBI's whole we're investigating Clinton oh wait nevermind announcement. 
Flunkie! 
micropenis worshippers
No boots for this shit-gibbon!
*Too politically correct* is code for *I wish I could be as racist and sexist in open public as I am at home and in my head.*
Lots of people are already letting it fly 
You're not wrong. My hometown is in Kentucky. There's a white nationalist group rallying there in April. This my come as a surprise, but this is unusual. The kkk tried a rally in the late 80s or early 90s and were run out of town. 
I work in a tax office, doing individual tax returns. I talk to a lot of people with different political views. I've heard way more outwardly racists comments than ever before. 
No doubt.   They want to put women and people of color in their place is why trump won. This is the truth 
Mockingly call a senator PocahontasThat's kinda racistwhy are you always bringing race into this?!-Some Republicans, probably
You don't even have to go that far. Just saying non-racist things like immigrants make a positive contribution to the country can make them go crazy.
Full stop. Tired of this 'they were naive' or 'they had economic anxiety'. You have to be some level of a self serving asshole to vote for him. I understand voting 3rd party. I understand abstaining. I do not understand actually smiling while you cast a ballot for Little T.
True, I'm Native and I know the story and don't give a shit.  Nobody but the fascists gives a shit.
Damn it, yup that's a typo
Woah.
checkmate, atheists
I just want to thank you for this amazing pun. 
'Sic semper tyrannis' seems to apply here.
Benito Zed Mussolini
He had it coming though. Mussolini was so thoroughly evil that it would have been cartoonish if he wasn't so brutal. [This is what his party's headquarters looked like.](http://i.imgur.com/dbdO7EI.jpg)
Have you *seen* his sons? He might want to read Macbeth.
Honestly I think the Berenstain bears controversy is way too obscure for Trump to know about. His pop culture knowledge is probably more Kardashian-ish.
Yes, but the [membership fee recently doubled](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/25/mar-a-lago-membership-fee-doubles-to-200000.html).
Wasn't homophobic enough to be a true fill in for pence. 
We should call him Princess Trump and President Bannon
Exactly 
Yea but at the same time there are white looking people who are indeed literally card carrying tribal members. Source: I'm a REALLY white looking Catawba Indian 
Even if it turned out not to be true that she has native ancestry, it's definitely true that her family experienced prejudice on the assumption that they did have it, so I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes.
I think the support base of the Dems is too broad to allow for this.  Also, this feels a lot like the kind of personality-worship that I regularly accuse Trump supporters of doing.
Does it?  Interesting.Perhaps it's because I'm in China at the moment.  Unfortunately, I have no idea how to fix this.
Certain types of people hate strong women .... and he is def one of them. 
The office only deserves as much respect as the man sitting in the chair. I can't stand that 'respect the office' thing. 'The office' is an inanimate object. You respect people, not objects. And the person in the chair doesn't deserve any damn respect right now.Sorry. Rant over now.
I still don't think the whites vs. whites thing is bad. Maryland is a very liberal state and I have zero issues getting along with Democrats. Some drunk discussions with friends on a rare occasion, but nothing serious.It just seems bad on reddit and the internet because people say ridiculous shit behind screen names. A lot of folks spend wayyy too much time online and it messes with their perception of these issues.
I believe the proper term is _gimp_.
That they are 
Shit like this is why the protests at UC Berkeley were/are necessary.
People are no longer hiding their racist views. They have been liberated by trump 
There is no probably. It happens constantly.
Exactly 
They saw a candidate make fun of a disabled reporter, saw this candidate say a judge couldn't do his job because He's a Mexican, I'm building a wall, saw this candidate promise war crimes, religious discrimination, and torture and still voted for him. Trump voters were either very very ignorant of what he was about, have a serious moral deficiency, or both. I especially can't wrap my head around those who thought the thrice married cheating man who made hella money off of gambling was the godly man. 
Funny thing is the only cars I ever see sporting Trump stickers are all nice and manufactured in the last few years.
The fascists pretend they care on behalf of Native Americans. This is false. They care because she's a white woman and they don't like knowing that she has a background including PoC. 
As we saw in November though, this stuff works.
> He might want to read Macbeth.I can definitively state, he doesn't *want* to read Macbeth.  Hell, he probably wouldn't *want* to *watch* Macbeth.
He *can't* read Macbeth. He is functionally illiterate. 
I think King Lear would be more apropo for that family. 
his conspiracy theory knowledge is on point.  If it's an absolutely stupid thing you can believe, he believes it.
My roommate in college told me he was part Native American and I didn't believe it because he couldn't look whiter if tried.  He showed me a picture of his grandmother and sure enough he's an eighth Native American.  And I sure wouldn't call him John Redcorn or something for being so.
Rant is valid 
The constitution is also an object. The thing is Trump doesn't respect the office, so we shouldn't respect him.
We have serious divisions that are being exacerbated by leadership that benefits by increasing those divisions. We aren't there yet but we are closer than you think. We have an online troll as potus. Online is reality, and friends have turned into bitter ideological enemies. Coworkers hate of modernity and love of theocracy is real. We are civil now, and just don't talk, but you are a fool if you think this powder keg isn't real just because it is online. 
You have zero issue getting along with dems because they are the adults in the room. Being a dem in a sea of republicans is not fun, that I can tell you. Every day I am bombarded with the most ridiculous conspiracy nonsense about myself and the left in general, along with the denial of basic facts, as in grade school-level facts about the world. All in real life.
As a European, on the state level everything is fine, and white americans act normally, very European-like in many ways - as long as only the context is state business.On the union level, a lot of white americans get batshit insane more or less, with a high conflict level.> It just seems bad on redditAre you a 100% sure that this is the only place it seems bad? Have you seen the president that just got elected and the uproar about him and the people he selected for his cabinet?
The Donald celebrates when we call out their hypocrisy. It means we're triggered.
Come visit dumbfuckistan, those stickers are all that's holding rusted out pickups and mercury cougars together in many cases.
Pretend to care is all they do.Muslims are bad because they're against women's and LGBT rights! Total opposite of western values!Btw, have you heard of my friend Mike Pence?!
If they aired Macbeth during O'Reillys time slot he'd watch it. He'd be very confused, but he'd watch it.
It's just how genetics work. Like my tribe had a lot of Sioux come over so we have some families that are heavily Mormon with darker skin and traditional fine black hair. Then in my side we have round tall wide women. My mom showed me a picture of my great grandparents and sure enough all dark haired tanned round faced women. I have some of those features (round face high cheek bones) but white as mayo. My friend in high school was tall pale red head. His mom? Puerto Rican dark skin tone brown eyes dark hair. I am not fluent in genetics but hey it happens I guess!
[Relevant](https://imgur.com/F84Cttu)
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
As a reminder, Donald Trump has been engaged in over 3500 court cases.Edit: Didn't expect that my glib comment would get so much traction. In the vein of something more serious, it really bothers me that ~~conservatives~~ Trumpists seem to be turning so viciously against judges for being unelected officials.The entire point of judges not being beholden to the whims of the populace is so that they remain free to uphold what is right, not what is popular. They don't always succeed because they are human, but they are an integral part of our system and have significant restrictions on their power, most notably that they have no power at all unless people engage in disputes over an aspect of the law. 
The President gets his news from Infowars, Fox, The Washington Times, and Breitbart while he only reads things like the NYT or WaPo to see what they're saying about him. This ends terribly. Hopefully for him rather than all of us. 
Ahh the old broken controller excuse when you lose at street fighter...
We joke, but Trump's tweets are incredibly dangerous. We've seen that a healthy minority will believe anything Trump says. He's convinced millions of people that real journalism is fake. Now he is trying to do the same to our legal system. 
Sorry, President Yam, but if it's blowing up your plans to rule by forwards from grandma-level reactionary bullshit executive order, then it's working just fine. 
Agreed. Any legal system that allows such a mountebank to seize the levers of power with so little accountability, so easily, has serious problems
But you guys, seriously, 77% of refugees are coming from these countries.  I don't have any evidence, because this stat is unreviewable.  But, seriously it's happening! 
Checks and balances, Snowflake.Our legal system is working.It stopped you.
I like that he completed his tweet with an all-caps SO DANGEROUS.    I wish he had tweeted SO DANGEROUS all on its own. Just to let us know that [he's alarmed](http://i.imgur.com/hRTXn2P.gif) by something. 
'Our ~~legal system~~ electoral college system is broken!'FTFY Donnie.  You're welcome.
The fact that you can't just do whatever you want is evidence that the legal system is *not* broken. 
President Trump has said his travel ban is needed to keep America safe, but has yet to explain why. Because a court has blocked the travel ban, Trump has declared the legal system to be broken. Why? Because he didn't get his way? 3 weeks in and the President has blatantly lied on several occasions, is at war with the media and now the courts.
I'm getting brain damage from all this face palming I'm doing 
If he doesn't get his way, he immediately labels his opponents a messBlack communities: a messEurope: a hell holeMexicans: criminals and rapists...
Our executive branch is broken.
By making an adversary out of the courts he creates for himself a two-front war. He now has to fight both the courts and the states who are bringing the lawsuits.
Please, remaining sane conservatives... You have to realize what Trump's doing to the country. To YOU, and to people you love, your family and friends. Please help us stop him.
So let me see if I understand this logic. Since 77% of the refugees coming in are from those 7 countries that were banned (I doubt that is is an accurate stat), and there have been no attacks from any of them, it proves that we need this ban?
No, Donald, the judicial system is not broken.  It's working as designed.[Here's a picture that anybody who actually paid attention during social studies class should remember.](http://images.slideplayer.com/18/5696926/slides/slide_6.jpg)  As any of us can see, the Executive Branch's leverage over the Judicial Branch is the ability to appoint federal judges.  The Judicial Branch's leverage over the Executive Branch is the ability to declare executive actions unconstitutional, which is what just happened.See?  By design.It's unfortunate that an elementary school-level understanding of civics is no longer a prerequisite for becoming President of the United States.
Good.Under no circumstances admit you made a mistake and try to recraft the bill!
We should all understand by now that Trump says not what is true, but what he wishes to be true.A broken legal system is exactly what he wants.  
>77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries.Where else do you expect them to come from, man?  They're refugees. You're not going to see an equivalent number of refugees from Syria and the U.K. 
It's a mess caused by Obama. We have to repeal and replace the legal system. We must repeal immediately as we work on the replacement to be announced soon^TM
No shit! If it worked, he'd be in jail with the rest of his Russian spies
Hey America, your country is quickly becoming the laughing stock of the world. It is setting the standard for national humiliation. Taking entertainment to a new level. The USA Whitehouse Reality Show. Including lying freaks and lying, angry white men. Every refresh of the international news sites brings forth another hilarious escapade of the people trying to run your country tripping over themselves trying to find a light switch. 'Never mind we will do it in the dark. Thats ok, I'm used to that wispers...' And they do. Hilarious stuff. The briefing that could only last 23 min before 'TWEET TWEET' Angry Father must protect/promote daughter Or Insulting National leaders by wanting to hold hands for waaaay too long and then giving him the condescending hand pat had me rolling on the floor. Like The Japanese Prime Minister's eyes after his hand was finally released from the slimy paws of the Grouper. Rolling in the aisles when he played the 'Nod, smile and pretend you are listening gag' But he was speaking in Japanese. Hahahahaha. What about the Health guy who wants to dismantle......health and the Education Donate ( I believe 'Donate' will be a new title like Dame or Your Benevolencey) that wants to disband the Federal Education department. Enough, enough my sides hurt. So funny, I need more popcorn and beer, heck I might have to buy shares if this keeps going.
[The Washington Times article in question](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/feb/9/refugees-entering-us-doubled-rate-ruling-trump-tra/)>The State Department has more than doubled the rate of refugees from Iraq, Syria and other suspect countries in the week since a federal judges reprieve, in what **analysts said** appears to be a push to admit as many people as possible before another court puts the program back on ice.>A staggering 77 percent of the 1,100 refugees let in since Judge James L. Robarts Feb. 3 order have been from the seven suspect countries. Nearly a third are from Syria alone  a country that President Trump has ordered be banned altogether from the refugee program. Another 21 percent are from Iraq. By contrast, in the two weeks before Judge Robarts order, just 9 percent of refugees were from Syria and 6 percent were from Iraq.So here's a few reasons why The Washington Times is a rag:- Which fucking analysts?  Yours?  This is the wikipedia equivalent of some say.- Where are the sources?  Type 77% refugees into google and all you'll find are WT articles and even sketchier places citing WT.  Actual papers will cite the source, or cite an anonymous source in a relevant position to know the details, or best - link to the actual source.  Until then, the figure is horseshit.- What does the figure mean?  They call it a staggering 77% but they don't explain why it's staggering.  Aren't most of the countries in a flux of civil war and/or ISIL war?  What was the figure before the ban?- If there is an increase, isn't the most logical explanation that these were people who were **already approved** but **could not enter** during the time when the ban was in effect?In closing, the Trump administration calls CNN fake news while citing The Washington Times as real news.  That is the opposite of reality.  I hope Trump's supporters can wake up to the fact that an administration lying about objective reality is straight-up Orwellian.
I'm sorry to say, but this guy is just full of sh*t, it's blatantly obvious now.He is way over his head for this job.
Seriously Trump supporters, are you beginning to feel embarrassed at all? Just a tad perhaps?
The words of a authoritarian about to change the law...
This week we've learned that Donald Trump:- can't get Mexico to pay for a wall- can't get China to recognize Taiwan- can't pull off a military operation - can't control Russia scandal- can't stand up to NATO nations- can't bully retailers into selling his products - can't prevent White House leaks- can't make his Muslim ban happenTrump has proven to be WEAK
Are you gonna bark all day, little doggy, or are you gonna bite?
T_D is praising this right now and saying that Trump should sign an EO that usurps the power of the Supreme Court. I couldn't stop laughing when I read that. Nothing better than getting stoned and having a good laugh reading, memoirs of the cognitively dissonant, on a lovely Saturday morning.
It's funny that they spent 8 years saying Obama wanted to be a dictator while now Trump is literally complaining that he can't do whatever he wants with no checks and balances. 
Courts being able to restrain out of control presidents is a feature not a bug.
Our president is a paper tiger.
Well, so far he is...1. Trying to de-legitimize the only power the people have, the vote, by ***lying*** about massive fraud. To do nothing more than save face regarding an election he already fucking won. Not one thing is sacred with man. Not one God damned thing. 2. Trying to de-legitimize the entire justice system by attacking decisions he merely does not like from his throne. 3. Is now trying to de-legitimize the pinnacle structure that holds a nation together, the rule of law. If anyone still does not see that he is literally trying to remove all obstacles in his way, even those already fought and died for by our founding brethren to form a better nation, then please understand that the rest of us see you as American hating, dangerously ignorant tools. We just do. There is very little to move us from this position as of yet, which is sad... 
Well sure. The fact that the pumpkin blumpkin isn't up on charges yet should be sufficient proof of that.
How about doing something to improve it rather than trying to delegitimise it then. God forbid he doesn't get his way, now all of a sudden the legal system is broken. Apparently that is now a good argument for breaking the law. Got caught robbing a conveniance store? The legal system is broken, this so called judge is sending me to jail for trying to earn a living. If something happens to me while I'm in there blame him. So messed up. If it sounds stupid when you apply it to anyone else, it's probably stupid for a president to say too. 
Our president is broken, our legal system is just fine. 
Checks and Balances Don. That's how American government works...it's very interesting, you really ought to ~~read about it~~ have Steve Bannon explain it to you.
Right now it might be the only branch of government that isn't broken.
I think the root of Trump's frustration and failure so far is a near-complete ignorance about how the U.S. system works. He basically [seemed to think](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/donald-trump-challenges-governing-presidency-234879) he could run the country like one of his sham-companies, but then he got into office and found out that the U.S. isn't a monarchy and the Constitution he's never read really is a thing.
I work at a law firm and called a client today who inquired about the status of a huge case we have against the State. She asked, without a hint of irony, completely sincerely: this isn't going in front of the ninth circuit is it? In her mind she was already 100% convinced that the 9th Circuit was a sham rogue court that needed to be dealt with STAT. On the spot I just said thank God its a case in state court. On the way home yesterday though my head was spinning: if there are enough of them to randomly call one who happens to be a client in CA, what proportion of the population of the middle states are brainwashed victims like her?I fear that this election cycle is not a one-off event and that new information tactics (like those in Pre-Suasion by Cialdini, or those psychometric data mining techniques used by Cambridge Analytica) mean that successful disinformation campaigns are the way of the future when it comes to elections.
In reality you could say our legal system works in this instance of checks and balances.Unlike the electoral college...
Trump tweets: 'Our <insert opposing body> is broken!'
Broken because they don't bend the knee to King Trump 
Indeed, and the fact that this guy hasn't been impeached yet is proof.
You know what's really broken?  The electoral college.  That sucker's broken.
Our executive branch has an STD. 
Is anyone else concerned the GOP / Trump could actually perpetrate a terrorist attack at this point to further their careers / agenda?
You guys are to end up:a) Destroying your balance of powersb) Impeachment c) Civil warHoping for b), personally
This guy cannot let a single thing go. EVERYTHING that isn't served to him on a platter and compliments is a broken system that's harmful to everyone. What is wrong with this guy as a human being? Who looks up to people like this?I do not want four years of this. This is painful to watch. 
Why does Trump constantly sell fear?      [Many of Trump supporters are Americans with authoritarian inclinations and a fear of terrorism](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5ta82l/us_investigators_corroborate_some_aspects_of_the/ddm2s4h/). Trump appeals to his supporters' authoritarian inclinations and their fear of terrorism.    Among Trump's supporters, fear sells, big league. Trump pitches fear in an attempt to hold up his favorability ratings among his core supporters and to expand his base.     Political scientist Matthew MacWilliams, Ph.D., [studies authoritarianism](http://www.vox.com/2016/3/1/11127424/trump-authoritarianism)  not actual dictators, but rather a psychological profile of individual voters that is characterized by a desire for order and a fear of outsiders. When they feel threatened, people who score high in authoritarianism look for strong leaders who promise to take whatever action necessary to protect them from outsiders and prevent the changes they fear.      [MacWilliams found a single statistically significant variable](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/01/donald-trump-2016-authoritarian-213533) predicts whether a voter supports Trumpand its not race, income or education levels: Its authoritarianism, followed by fear of terrorism, though the former was far more significant than the latter.      Since the rise of Nazi Germany, [authoritarianism](http://www.vox.com/2016/3/1/11127424/trump-authoritarianism) has been one of the most widely studied ideas in social science. Authoritarians obey. They rally to and follow strong leaders. They respond aggressively to outsiders, especially when they feel threatened. From pledging to make America great again, by building a wall on the border, to promising to close mosques and ban Muslims from visiting the United States, Trump is playing directly to the authoritarian inclinations of his followers.      Authoritarian followers thrive on order. They insist on doing things, whatever those things might be, the way theyve always been done, whether or not that happens to make sense anymore, just because thats the way theyve always done them.      Individuals [with a disposition to authoritarianism](http://www.vox.com/2016/2/23/11099644/trump-support-authoritarianism) demonstrate a fear of the other as well as a readiness to follow and obey strong leaders. They tend to see the world in black-and-white terms. They are by definition attitudinally inflexible and rigid. And once they have identified friend from foe, they hold tight to their conclusions. This intransigent behavioral tendency of authoritarians may help explain why Trumps supporters can seem, as a strategist for Marco Rubio complained in the [New York Times](http://www.vox.com/2016/2/23/11099644/trump-support-authoritarianism), like granite.    His [South Carolina poll](http://www.vox.com/2016/2/23/11099644/trump-support-authoritarianism) confirmed what MacWilliams found in his [national poll in December 2015](http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/usappblog/2016/01/27/donald-trump-is-attracting-authoritarian-primary-voters-and-it-may-help-him-to-gain-the-nomination/): Authoritarian Americans are the key to Trumps success.        More than other voters, authoritarians want the government to eliminate perceived dangers, by force if needed...65 percent of those scoring highest on the authoritarian scale are Republicans. Of those who score lowest, 75 percent are Democrats.      Authoritarians are driven by fear: fear of specific sources of physical harm, such as terrorism, and fear of social chaos. Statistically, authoritarians are far more frightened of being killed by terrorists than of dying in a car wreck  although the latter is more likely to happen.      Trump voters are [ready to suspend constitutionally guaranteed rights such as Habeas Corpus](http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/usappblog/2016/01/27/donald-trump-is-attracting-authoritarian-primary-voters-and-it-may-help-him-to-gain-the-nomination/), reject the protection of minority rights, and support the abridgment of religious freedom through the closure of mosques across the US.      MacWilliams [conducted a poll](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/02/01/how-your-parenting-style-predicts-whether-you-support-donald-trump/), which asked a set of four simple survey questions that political scientists have employed since 1992 to measure inclination toward authoritarianism. These questions pertain to child-rearing: whether it is more important for the voter to have a child who is respectful or independent; obedient or self-reliant; well-behaved or considerate; and well-mannered or curious. Respondents who pick the first option in each of these questions are strongly authoritarian.      Fear is the thing Trump is selling more than anything else. Selling fear is Trump's *modus operandi*. He sells fear to hold up his favorability rating among his core supporters and to add followers. If more people buy his sales pitch of fear, the more the number of his followers will increase. The more followers he has, the more political power he has. The more political power he has, the richer he becomes.      Trump has three obsessions that drive him relentlessly with no regard for collateral damage or harm he causes to others: extreme love of self, power, and money.      Trump sells fear to increase his power and wealth.    
I do think it's pretty broken that it's possible to sue for unreasonable amounts but I don't think that's what he's talking about. 
Funny that isn't wasn't broken a few weeks ago when he won his Trump university case.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Trump, who swore to uphold the Constitution, is openly saying that he hates the Checks and Balances guaranteed by the Constitution. And somehow he still has supporters.
Yes it is, but not in the manner he means. And it's certainly not as broken as our election system.
This particular thing is terrible, so just trust me to do whatever I want about it. -- DJT to his supporters, about everything
Trump is probably begging for a Muslim terrorist attack in our country right now.
Fuck trump. I'm done with him, thinking he was gonna run the country like a business. What a fucking moron. He is the village idiot and he does whatever his advisors tell him too. He has no idea what is going on and is super persuadable. All you have to do is give him a little pat on the top of his head and call him a good boy. Fuck steve bannon as well. 
We have a president who appears to have come into office under the assumption that the role was that of a monarch or a dictator: Absolute control, no one can second guess his command. I wonder if this is an assumption he made on his own or he was told.Either way, we have a leader of our country, one that was based around the idea of giving no one member absolute power, of having checks and balances, of having dissenting opinions, who thinks that denying someone in, The highest office, anything they wish is wrong.This point has been brought up many, many times. But the reason we keep bringing it up is because it's such a dangerous precedent. This is by no means the first power hungry president, but we have no idea what the long term damage of ruling like this might be should the administration be allowed to.
This is the legal system working as intended. It's checking the power of the president in an nonpartisan manner. If the 4 judges this case faced, half were Republican appointments, half Democratic appointments, and all ruled against him. Checks and balances working EXACTLY as the founders intended.
Our electoral system is broken!
Our **electoral** system is broken.FTFY
Our 'president' is trying to undermine our Judicial Branch. He's directly assaulting our checks and balances to maintain his power.He is a fascist. This is no longer an exaggeration.
Nope, you're just doing it wrong.
You know, he isn't wrong...but it's not for the reasons he's thinking.  In the case he's referring to our legal system showed that it's capable of being perfect.
Outrageous! alternative facts aren't allowed in court!? Very Sad!
oh, I never thought about it that way. Compelling argument- judges everywhere
Everything is broken or fake when it doesn't favor our dictator in chief.
He needs to be removed from office.  He is directly undermining the judicial branch and if left unchecked he will do irreparable damage to our country.
Shouldn't anyone who runs for President be forced to take a civics test?Immigrants are more well versed than he is.
Our executive branch is splintered, termite ridden, and rotted from the inside.
I'd say our electoral system is broken
Now he's going after the law.This rubs me the wrong way. It's not broken. It has its flaws, but its not broken. But Trumpers (who aren't even directly affected by this discourse) will now rally against the legal system and try to scapegoat it for their own fuckups. Without knowing anything.It's hard not to call them all fucking idiots, because that's what they appear to be. Anyone who takes this man's word as gospel without developing their own experiences is a fucking bigoted asshole idiot.
During the election, he complained that the system was rigged.  He was right.  It was rigged in his favor.Now, he's saying that the legal system is broken.  He's right.  It's broken in favor of the wealthy and corporations.  Otherwise, he'd be sitting in prison for defrauding thousands of students from Trump University instead of having to pay $25 million to make it go away.  
I see a parallel between this statement and Trump's belief that any poll that reflects upon him negatively must be false. Basically, the rule seems to be that if something is bad for Donald Trump, it must be false, broken, or corrupt. That is a disastrous way to approach life.
Trump thinks that the courts are just like his supporters; they believe all the shits he claims.  He keeps lying, not being able to  evidence for his claim and the courts struck down his executive order. I think our system is what it should be as it is able to stop Trump (so far) from being a dictator.
America is broken because it is permitting this man in power.
Translation:  This is harder than I thought.
I don't understand. I thought I could be king of the world. It's sad that I can't be a dictator, like I am in my businesses.
77% of all statistics are made up 
He is such a dangerous buffoon.
DJT: The legal system is based on our Constitution, which YOU have sworn to uphold.  The fact that you do not understand the separation of powers/checks and balances is proof positive that you are the most unqualified individual to hold the office of President in many lifetimes, perhaps ever.
The legal system is broken (and only I can fix it!). Please confirm my nominee Gorsuch as soon as possible. Democrats stop obstructing!
Checks and balances? Not in a Trump world. God help us all. 
Lawyer here.  Judges are human.  They know what's going on.  They don't live in a vacuum.  They see that the 2nd Branch of government has directly assaulted the 3rd, and is going to continue to directly assault the 3rd with the consent of the 1st.  The Third Branch knows it is the last defender of American style democracy.  Judges don't just consider the facts of the case in front of them.  They consider how their ruling will be interpreted in the future under different facts.  Trump was told he may have been facing a 7-1 or 8-0 decision at SCOTUS.  No way in hell Roberts would have reversed the TRO. With every tweet Trump fucks himself more and more.  In football, a cliche is, you can call holding on every play.  The reason we have judges is because there is always multiple interpretations of the law.  Trump will never get a judicial ruling in his favor again at the rate he's going. 
>Our legal system in broken! Reading between the lines, what he's saying is, Our legal system used to ensure that the rich white people would win.
1. I don't believe him. 2. His own party broke the legal system. Not selecting a new justice during Obama's administration politicized the courts more than anything in recent history. 
Ok guys NOW it gets really serious. I'd expect Putin, Erdoan or a random dictator in Africa to say that the legal system is broken, not the fucking president of the United States.
Now I have to listen to his braindead supporters regurgitate this claim.
Yes it is Mr Trump, you're not in prison and you haven't been impeached yet. Fix it!
What are the odds currently at that he threatens to pack the court if the Supreme Court rules against him?
Trump is an impunent, pathological liar caught up in more than he can handle and I'm excited to see him crash and burn as we unite as a country against him.Fuck Trump. 
Seems to me it works just as intended.
No shit, he's taking advantage of it right now
Our election system is broken.
Actually I'd say it's working exactly as intended
He doesn't know the first fucking thing about a legal system. 
Our executive system is broke! Sad!
When you have something shitty to say about everything you come in contact with, YOU are the problem.
Just because it is doing its constitutional duty to act as checks and balances on the power of an insane President does not mean it is broken. 
You need to have a rudimentary understanding of something before you can declare it broken. When a child declares that his tablet is broken because the battery has run flat, the adults in the room know better. 
Just curious, how many tweets did Obama make disparaging the US in eight years? I think none?
You are also responsible for this....
He's right though, how else can you explain how he's still president?
Most corrupt admin in history and it's only week 4.
I know it's more of the same, but this is seriously dangerous rhetoric from the executive branch.
Only way it's broken is that you haven't been charged with ethics violations and impeached. And Conway should have been fire on the spot for abusing her position recently. 
Translation: I can't do whatever I want whenever I want, waaaaahhhhh
If The Donald is proof of anything, it is that our electoral system is broken. 
Yeah, no kidding, *President Trump*. No kidding.
Trumps greatest weapon = irony 
As a major benefactor of our broken system, I'm surprised he doesn't just shut the fuck up about it. 
I wish all westerners could live 6 months abroad in a non-western country to see what a real broken legal system is like.Not that there isn't room for improvement but we are so far beyond the rest of the world it's nuts.It's why you have honor killings. Because some countries are so fucked up that there is little justice so interaction is handled by honor. One has a reputation and their honor is what allows others to know they are reputable which is important because there are no courts to turn to if something goes wrong. So if your honor is damaged you're fucked. No one will do business with you. No one will lend you money or trade with you. So with some fucked up logic people think killing their daughters will actually make life better for the rest of their family.
Yes.  But not in the way he thinks
He's...not wrong, but he's also not making the same complaint *we* are.*We* want equal representation and treatment in the justice system. *He* wants even *more* preferential treatment in the justice system for himself.
It's not a bug, it's a feature.Working as intended.
It sure as hell is if you're still allowed to be in office. ....
 Broken fucking shell of a leader should resign. 
Trump's brain is broken. It's bad. It's terrible. It's so broken. So full of crap. Nobodys brain is so bigly full of crap.
The 'law and order' president who doesn't believe in the law when it applies to him.I sometimes wonder what we did as a nation to deserve this?
OUR LEGAL SYSTEM IS BROKENSEE YOU IN COURTk
Who is the more foolish? The fool, or the fool who follows him?
Yeah, that's because you're in it...
Our legal system is broken because of a temporary stay enforced on a haphazardly implemented executive order. By the very nature of the fact that this is a temporary ban maybe he could show a little poise, class and patience and wait for a final ruling on the issue before determining the entire legal system to be broken? What happens next were a court to rule in his favor in the final instance? Surely to him that would mean the legal system is not broken anymore. I doubt he realizes how blatantly obvious this makes it that he has the mindset of a 7 year old child who determines a game's referee to be fair if, and only if, the referee makes all calls in the child's favor. 
As a reminder Donald Trump has lost many of them.Source: Many people say
[Link to **dedicated** Wikipedia page on legal affairs involving Donald Trump.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_affairs_of_Donald_Trump)
That makes him an expert on the topic. He is the living proof that it is broken. A working system would have shut him down for good a long time ago.
Exactly. This is an attempt to undermine our system of checks & balances, not anyone moment of ignorance. 
Yeah. You don't *want* the judiciary to be beholden to voters or other elected officials. That's the whole *point* of the way that they were set up.He's upset that checks and balances exist. He was under the impression that he could be like all of the people he listed as his favorite leaders! Putin. The Kims. People like that.
>[Judges] have no power at all unless people engage in disputes over an aspect of the law.I'd never thought about it that way.  Thanks for that.
There's literally a post on The_Donald right now where the most upvoted comments are saying that BBC, CNN, ABC, NBC, The Washington Post, The Huffington Post, HBO, and The Daily show are fake news. 
You left out the most important one: Morning Joe. Although I think he only watches because he wants to fuck Mika. 
As a proud Altmer I am offended by your name, /u/FUCK_THE_THALMOR. We may be fascist, racist, and hell-bent on the unmaking of reality, but **at least** we're not the Trump administration. At the very least we are competent, and our hatred comes from a place that makes sense.
Trump would blame rare bugs in the game that only affect men with little hands. His can't even hold big boy controllers. Sad!
The 9th Circuit also cheats at Mario Kart. SAD!
It's his fault for choosing Zangief. 
APPARENTLY the justice system gave me the old Mad Katz controller with the loose stick. Broken!
Failing Blanka can't win without electricity.  UNFAIR!
When will he rage-quit the presidency?  We need that to happen sooner rather than later.
Trump is DarksydePhil?
No Johns!
Look, you don't have to believe me, but I fucking hit kick and it didn't kick. 
It's funny because this case is the exact proof that the system ISNT broken. 
What that's the truth. You gave me the shitty controller! 
Or FIFA. No wonder I always lose when the controller is totally doing something I didn't press. 
Fucking lag!
If there's one thing nobody wants to see coming from the president, it's salty johns. 
i was BLOCKING
don't make jesus laugh so hard ya hear
Trump *always* picks Oddjob in Goldeneye.
all he needs is a reischtag to say see look i was right about the judges being too powerful. 
There's a strong possibility that Trump is laying the groundwork for a coup.  With a dysfunctional congress, we essentially have only one branch of government keeping Trump in check, and he's trying to delegitimize it.  An independent judicial branch able to check the power of the executive and legislative branches is fundamental to our republic, so Trump's attacks against it should be taken very seriously.
To quote Bob Marley here, You can fool some people sometime, but you can't fool all the people all the time.
A lot of this.  I feel like a lot of people who aren't Trump supports are being very complacent, relying on the institutions to defeat Trump.There are millions of people in the US who take Trump's tweets as if they are commandments from a God-Emperor, and these people will happily burn down entire American institutions if Trump told them to.  Now is not the time to sit back and hope that the judiciary will take down Trump for you.  The judiciary needs you to fight for them, because without your active support in defending their institution they will ultimately fall to those who wish to see them gone.
Can we please trick Trump to tweeting The sky is actually red?
I've hesitated to personally raise alarms about fascism. But, we're very lucky these tweets don't have more power behind them than they do. He's laying groundwork to justify a hostile attitude toward the branches and institutions of government that disagree with him. If the groundwork is allowed to become a solid foundation, and turns into *action*, then we're already well down a treacherous path. 
This needs to be the top comment. This attack on the foundations of our country is dangerous. He needs to be impeached before he creates serious harm. 
Well s legal system that fills our prison system over a drug charge that should be nothing more than a fine if it must be illegal is pretty jacked up. I mean I doubt that's what he means but that's what I think about it. There are some other instances of people with money/power getting away with things the rest of us could not also.So I'll say it like this. A broken clock is right twice a day. In this case he is partly right. Just not for the reasons he says.
To be fair, a lot of those people already felt that way. Millions have been radicalized over the last few decades by the right wing media bubble (the axis of Fox News, talk radio, and poorly sourced websites). Trump himself is a product of that. But this election cycle has weaponized that to a whole new level.
Ya, it's not really a good thing. He's involved in this sort of conspiracy thing, and these people actually believe that everything is fake, and controlled by the illuminati or whatever, so when he says that the justice system is broken, a lot of people hear trump whining and complaining, wishing everything just worked for him, but a lot of other people see him as their insider, one of the good guys, not tainted by this network of corruption, and he is letting them know that the judicial system is broken. They will believe that. There will be YouTube videos corroborating everything he says with silly conspiracy typed facts alternative facts. It's really not good.
One of his deranged supporters is going to shoot a judge and the administration will use it as proof the the judicial system is broken. 
A good 30% still support this administration.  Fervently.
There's something very sinister about having a [Tweeter-in-Chief.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05uUmqzO-oE&feature=youtu.be)
you mean they will say the legal system is 'fake' and may start criminal activity? well then i am going to grab popcorn and watch them get arrested by the so called fake police and fake judge and fake prison.
Hitler created new courts because the originals ruled against him so often
Trump's Twitter is dangerous because it offers him no accountability. He can say anything he wants and can ignore anyone who calls him out on it. There's no danger of being put on the spot like in a press conference. It has the added bonus of his droves of followers taking everything he says as gospel. I wish Twitter would just ban his account. The backlash would be insane but he's using Twitter over public speaking because he can get away with anything on there. 
Trump thinks being president is like being a sports fan. He can whine about the officials and all the calls that don't go his way -- even the obviously illegal plays.
He's gonna be real confused and bitchy when his SCOTUS pick rules against one of his dumbass executive orders. 
some could argue that the actual system that is broken, is the system that got him elected.
Constitutions are written by those who think that every president and congressman will be competent, moral people who are willing to respect the law and do what's best for the people and country.Clearly, that's almost never true.
Well yes. They're war zones.  That's where refugees come from.
And 0 have committed any terrorist acts thus far so the 77% figure it meaningless at this point.
For a group that  likes  so much to call the left snowflakes for expressing concern, the chosen leader is quite the snowflake. From blaming Delta for the confusion at the airport to whining about Nordstrom's  picking on his daughter ... he's quite the snowflake.
Let's get dangerous.
[removed]
Uh... FYI he has actually said this. He said it when obama was mistakingly behind the popular vote.
This is when trump supporters say, Then what power does the president even have??!!! 
I listened the appeals court case and the government failed to prove anything. They literally couldn't provide any information in court on why this ban was necessary. 
I wonder if the next EO next week will give Trump more power?
> President Trump has said his travel ban is needed to keep America safe, but has yet to explain why.You wouldn't believe what I'm hearing folks, you wouldn't believe it.  America is in a crisis and I am the only one who can stop these terrorist refugees from killing American citizens.Paraphrased, but that's literally all he's got.  Nothing.  Just a bigoted old man trying to spread his xenophobia to the country while ignoring everything that actually matters. 
Im just sitting here in Canada enjoying the show
Trump has said _, but has yet to explain why.Everything so far summed up
Soon, you, too, can be a Trump supporter.Edit: Thanks for showering me with gold, as a classy Russian girl might do when paid.
Terrible unfair lying mirror
Really broken.
Legislative branch isn't doing wonders either...
And the press.And the intelligence community.And congressional investigators....wait scratch that last one.
Just because you don't like Trump does not mean you are a liberal.
Have you forgotten Bowling Green and Atlanta so soon?This is the result of fake news. Sad!
Get out of here, every judge in America!
My four year old daughter understands our government better than Trump does. She's actually got a government poster showing the three branches hanging in the living room.
It's going to be really hard at this point to craft an EO that passes muster. The President's own words calling for a Muslim Ban and Guilinani's Find a way to do it legally is a smoking gun for discriminatory intent no matter what the EO says.
A broken legal system is what he wants to project, so that when they finally evict his ass from the oval office, he can get his devotees up in arms about it.
We won't see any from the UK. Refugees come from fucking war zones. The UK is not a war zone, but those seven countries are.
Is this sarcasm (I honestly can't tell nowadays)?If it's not, could you elaborate how this is Obama's fault?
I cannot disagree, except that it isn't really funny from my perspective.
The Washington Times makes 98% of its revenue from people who accidentally visit its website thinking it's the Washington Post, said an anonymous Redditor who is me.
now 
What's sad is that the majority of his voters *don't* still. They believe the same rhetoric he spews simply because he spews it. 
Nope. They're not. They're quintupling down and digging in even further more convinced than ever.I got one at work. He claimed Obama also banned immigration from the same 7 countries. Of course, I did 60 seconds research and found out that claim is 100% false, but my guy at work is a Trumpie who never researches any of his alternative facts. You can always tell where they get their news from, because they're always spouting on about whatever FOX or Breitbart is pushing that morning.
Why? The country is getting flooded with muslims, and every one of them are ~~genetically inferior~~ culturally violent rapists. The liberals are doing this because they want white genocide!! Liberals are also terrorists! Anyone who provides conflicting facts is fake news./sTo a trump supporter, Trump is the only sane guy who has yet not been captured by the body snatchers, and is desparately trying to save the world from alien invasion which is about 80% complete. But the body snatchers wearing human bodies keep putting obstacles in Trump's way! And for some reason refuse to wear Ivanka Trumps clothing line, which proves they have no fashion sense either.
You could add:* can't deter American companies from investing in Mexico (Caterpillar, Rexnord, Nucor)
Hang the lawyers and judges , it's all thier fault 911 happened, but wait, weren't a lot of those terrorists from Saudi Arabia? A place not in trumps ban.
they were just saying it because they knew it was what THEY would do.  It is like when your buddy that cheats at monopoly by being the banker and stealing from it is told he can't be banker so he accuses whoever is of stealing from the bank....it is what he would do so of course it is what everybody else would do, or if nothing else it creates a scandal that will make it seem less bad when he does it next time.
Yes, of the Siberian race.
>is an STD
It's laughable that people think a civil war will happen. The vast majority of the population of the US is far far far to comfortable with their lives to do something like that.  
he didn't win that case. he settled it.
Because they care about the country.
Trump knows all about checks and balances. He writes only bad checks and is wholly mentally unbalanced.
Mostly congress  
And the ones that he didn't lose, he settle to avoid incoming loss.
Additional sources: 1) You know it2) I know it3) Everybody knows it
Lol, it has to be broken up by decade.
How was this not a huge point of contention during the general and primaries? Holy shit.
>Where there was a clear resolution, Trump won 451 times, and lost 38.Though that says more about his pet shark than trump, except his willingness to throw money at a problem.
[I am the evidence.](https://youtu.be/XzoqTiTimPA?t=21m)
It's a pretty major check on their power. You can argue that people abuse the system by specifically bringing things before judges that they cannot get passed via the other branches of government, but that has drawbacks: it is expensive, and they can lose.The proper way for Congress and the president to fight so-called judicial activism is to make sure that the laws they pass are Constitutional and airtight.
I keep hoping in my heart of hearts that the use of fake news to describe media outlets they believe has a liberal slant is just factiousness, but my worst fear is they actually believe it. 
Breaking News: stupid people say stupid things 
The Daily Show literally is fake news.EDIT: Do not continue beyond this point if you have adverse reactions to pedantry.
Partly correct, the daily show is on record saying they're not news.
Well, The Daily Show isn't any sort of news.  It is a comedy program.  So they're still wrong, just not for the reason they think.
HBO is a weird addition. They're not a news network, they're broadcast television. That's like saying Nintendo is fake sports
I agree with what you're saying, but huffpo is almost as bad as breitbart in terms of spin.
Too old. He prefer younger women like Ivanka
[deleted]
Tbf, a lot of us would fuck Mika. I wouldn't because blondes aren't my type, but I would make an exception, just like I would fuck sarah palin if she wore Tina Fey's glasses. 
My people are working right now to challenge the White-Gold Concordat in the Imperial City courts. We also have a dossier that shows election interference. We know that Trump has Aldmeri connections. You won't believe what my investigators are turning up. 
Fuck. Never thought I'd identify with the Thalmor more than our current administration.
Give him the madcatz.
I'd pay money to see Trump and DSP do a 1st to 10 set in street fighter
Lol Trump =DSP
Evil Liberals screen look during Halo co-op matches. Low energy! 
Screen peeking is a legitimate part of the game.I honestly had no idea anyone considered it cheating until reddit. I don't see how something that is near unavoidable, and not prohibited by any rule, can possibly be cheating.
Trump would only win with lightning bolts and blue shells
Damnit 9th Circuit you promised no short cuts with Wario Stadium
Many people are saying that they have unlimited banana peels. VERY UNFAIR!!
Only if Putin doesn't pick him first
Sagat or gtfo.
W-what am I supposed to do? Who designed these legal controls? The whole system is bugged. God how was I supposed to know I can't have people advertise my shit while in office? Wooow, I can't believe... God who designed this court system? It's really badly developed.
SF, not Smash. A professional SF player would crucify you for even comparing them. 
So that's why he's on twitter so much, he's confusing Hashtag with Reischtag .
I wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised if Trump and his supporters set that fire themselves.
Reichstag
Newsflash - the groundwork for this coup was laid years ago.  Putin/Russia have been plotting this since before 2012.
This happened in my country. President planted people in the supreme court, then used the army to dissolve the congress and senate to become a dictator. Don't see it happenin in US though, back then we had to deal with both terrorism and heavy institutionalized corruption, so many people either didn't understand the situation, were out of the country, or supported it. Our president at the time also had pretty high approval ratings, so it was kind of a surprise. We now call it the self-coup.
Trump is nowhere near that smart. He's finding himself frustrated at his current job since it's nto what he envisioned. He's signing executive orders since he wants to fufill his campaign promises, but the courts are getting in the way. He's just a bumbling idiot. 
Hitler created new courts when the old ones wouldn't do what he said.  
Trump is really scaring me. As are the people that say just give him a chance.He has had his chance, and he uses it to undermine the law, be an all around massive asshole, and worst, insert supporters in high level positions. I really don't want to think of it being possible in the US, but his seeming blatant disregard of the law, politics and insertion of family and supporters in high positions... It really does scream as a grab for dictatorship.
I'm gonna be that guy and say that Peter Tosh also wrote Get Up, Stand Up so you might be quoting him :)
But you can fool enough people in key swing states to win an election. Pass me da reefer. 
They will burn down the constitution as well.  Not realizing that isn't a conservative thing.  Conservatism is supposed to respect the institutions in place.  But they've been led slowly to the extremes thanks to the evangelical movement who could care two shits about the constitution as they want a religious state to control women.
what are they supposed to do? those institutions are pretty much all the american people can count on right now
Shouldnt be too hard, just tweet at him the sky is a nice liberal blue.
Obama didn't have the guts to call the sky red, Mr. President.
He already re-tweeted a Mussolini quote. That was back during campaign....
Overcrowded prisons are more a symptom of draconian laws and over-policing of poor people rather than the system working incorrectly but I see your point. 
Keep in mind,  that these laws are written by the legislature, not the courts.
Legislators are the ones who write the laws.  Judges judge actions based on the law as written.Don't hate the player, hate the game.  Don't like the law, blame the law**maker**s.  Throwing shit at those who aren't responsible does nothing to correct the underlying issue.
That's still the courts doing their job. If you don't like it, vote for people that will decriminalize drugs. If enough people do this there will be change. 
It's like if Tom Brady were president. Whine and cheat, get a slap on the wrist, and still win the Superbowl. 
My worry is that his SCOTUS pick is also a jello spined party-before-country knob slobbin goon like the GOP.
He'll try and fire him.
huh, why yes, some could argue that.  *illuminating!*
Thomas Jefferson:>For I agree with you that there is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents. Formerly bodily powers gave place among the aristoi. But since the invention of gunpowder has armed the weak as well as the strong with missile death, bodily strength, like beauty, good humor, politeness and other accomplishments, has become but an auxiliary ground of distinction. There is also an artificial aristocracy founded on wealth and birth, without either virtue or talents; for with these it would belong to the first class. The natural aristocracy I consider as the most precious gift of nature for the instruction, the trusts, and government of society.>[...]>I think the best remedy is exactly that provided by all our constitutions, to leave to the citizens the free election and separation of the aristoi from the pseudo-aristoi, of the wheat from the chaff. In general they will elect the real good and wise. **In some instances, wealth may corrupt, and birth blind them; but not in sufficient degree to endanger the society.**LOL
That's putting a lot of faith in the electorate.Oopsiedaisy.
This reminds me of one of Bill Burr's bits.Once, when he went deep sea diving, he asked an expert if they should be worried about sharks.  The guy responded:Don't worry about it.  Did you know that a majority of shark attacks happen near the coast?No shit.  That's where all the people are.  People like to frolic near the beach.  It's not like some people go, 'C'mon, you buncha pussies!  Let's swim to England!' and then start swimming into the ocean.
Do you feel that this stat is correct? 
> so the 77% figure it meaninglessI would be shocked if you could not find Trump supporters who say 77% of terrorist attacks are from refugees.
Even if one or two did any attacks it would be out of hundreds of thousands of refugees, and millions in total.
> 0What the fuck is up with you percentage symbol? 
[Trump complained that the towels on Air Force One aren't soft enough](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-hand-towels-air-force-one-complaint-not-soft-enough-president-latest-a7571066.html)STRONG MANLY MAN! NOT A SNOWFLAKE!
Jason just joined the snowflakes as well. http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html
Daaaaaarkwing Trump
[Careful Lana]( https://youtu.be/RRU3I_o1vLc)!
[Yep.](https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266038556504494082?lang=en)
He wasn't mistakingly behind the popular vote. Trump didn't understand the concept that the West Coast is in a different time zone and California was not counted yet. 
As I understand it, they didn't even try to defend the necessity or legality of the executive order, their entire case was based on somehow proving that executive orders are unreviewable by the courts. Which, of course, is a crock of shit
Because, brown people.
Savage.
And objective, empirical reality. His greatest foe.It might be easier to just list who are still his friends. Like Brietbart news and Russia. And...I dunno the cast of SNL probably loves him. 
He's not getting enough pressure from conservatives. They seem to have lost their voice.
His supporters think the entirety of Europe is a war zone.
It is sarcasm.
why anybody would intentionally read a newspaper published by a cult is beyond me...
A game of spite against the liberals.
What you need to do is affect the same strident tone and try to expand the list of terror countries to Saudia Arabia.  Unless of course they've changed history and all the terrorists who did 911 actually came from those 9 countries.. say... waitaminute... that sounds like an awesome troll to me..
I sure hope you are right, and I think standard Trump actions definitely aren't going to tear apart the US. However, I think there are three things in particular that could spark a civil war: igniting World War III, using the nukes, or defaulting on the national debt. Hopefully people have the sense to stay away from these and we'll just ride out the Trump administration.
I loved that when he settled the Trump U lawsuit.  He bragged about settling for less than his total liability.  Look, I committed all this fraud but I didn't pay for all the fraud I committed!
Nah, he never settles, because settling is admitting you were guilty, which he never does.  He said so himself.  All those times it seemed like he settled were something else.  I'm not sure what yet because he hasn't explained it, but definitely something else.
which is a form of winning of course.
DOGS know it!
A bad highschool kid knows it!
Alternative sources you mean
He *is* old as fuck.
The last chapter has yet to be written. 
Because we let Trump control the narrative in real life with his 4 AM tweets attacking Hillary to set up the political news cycle for the day, and hateful morons to control the narrative online by responding to their insults and biting when they changed the topic to emails and benghazi and wall street.  If you ignore those topics then they just up the ante with rape apologist and pedophile ring and Bill Clinton raped people and had dissenters murdered.  It doesn't matter if you disagree or show evidence they're lying because now you're talking about their lies instead of truths about Trump.
All big businessmen deal with lawsuits constantly was the pro-Trump response to that.
Dems thought after his racism and sexism, they had him. Unfortunately they forgot that many americans are still racist and sexist so they don't really fin those qualities appalling.  They never really mentioned the millions of other reasons why he was a shit candidate. 
Its a different definition. They took the phrase, destroyed it's literal meaning, and gave it a new one. To them, just saying *fake news* means biased liberal media. Being honest to them is being far right, telling it like it is, etc. So the phrase means biased media now. We think it's terrible, but remember that we still think that words have meaning. So yeah. 
So what's the big deal?  These people only watched Fox News to begin with, I'm pretty sure.  They basically changed liberal media to fake news.  New letters, same angle
Those people believe some crazy shit.  There was quite a lengthy convo the other day in a thread about Scalia being murdered so Obama could appoint a justice.
It's not even just a liberal slant anymore.  It's ever news outlet that doesn't kiss his ring, and blindly defend ***everything*** he says and does.
It's literally not. It's satire. Fake news is totally fabricated while satire is steeped very much in reality 
It's literally NOT news.Stewart said this very often. I doubt Trevor Noah thinks of himself as a Dan Rather type.
Uhh... no. It's real news events with a satirical commentary. Not all satire is like the Onion.
Still more reliable than Fox
I haven't watched it in years but don't they show real news stories and then make fun of them? 
No, it actually isn't. They do not make things up and then purposefully lie about them. They take actual, real news, and then comment on it in a humorous way that is clearly meant to be largely satirical by anyone watching. Not the same as saying 4 million people committed voter fraud, with deadpan seriousness, when they actually didn't. 
Well, they have real news, and then make jokes about it, so, I wouldn't even call it news, fake or not. It's just comedy.
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver is on HBO. 
He actually really wants to fuck Mike Barnicle. Many people are saying this. 
And younger men, too.  Remember that month he had that crush on [Robert Pattinson](http://www.trumptwitterarchive.com/#/archive/Robert%20Pattinson/ttff)?
Um.
*Melania
Propecia does cause impotence....
Nothing money and untested drugs cannot fix.
Do you... think ivanka is his wife?
Can confirm.  Watch morning Joe and totally would fuck Mika. 
Why would we **ever** side with someone who clearly wears the pelt of our khajiit allies on his head? More proof of the hypocrisy and violent tendencies of humans. 
I'm convinced that Trump is a Nord and SECRET TALOS WORSHIPPER! He shares the hypocrisy, cynicism, ignorance, and xenophobia of the pale-skins of Skyrim! Dulfric Trumpcloak wants the elves to go back where they came from? Well why doesn't he go BACK TO ATMORA?!
Madcatz actually makes the gold standard fightstick for Street Fighter now. It's like their one good product. I have several TEs. Sturdy, Sanwa buttons, A+ would recommend though Hori has some good stuff too.Anything else they make is still the same garbage as it was in the early 2000s. 
Give him the Duke!
I understood that reference
Donald: No one can beat me in Fuzion Frenzy! Next up, Twisted System.   https://youtu.be/6GREztuhQtU  *Fails to clear even one bar*  Donald: The System is rigged against me!
Fuck you cheater. 
see the thing is the authoritarian mindset, which believes rules control the universe, so therefor you can invent a rule and thus change the universe.
It makes you a smart player. 
He should appeal to the Short Circuit.
Rick Scott has dibs on [Dhalsim](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/xx_factor/2015/09/03/rick_scott_s_office_manipulated_press_releases_to_make_planned_parenthood/458420062-florida-gov-rick-scott-gives-his-victory-speech.jpg.CROP.promo-xlarge2.jpg).
Www.Wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashtag_Fire_of_2017
They're trying. Why do you think they did the whole muslim ban thing?They want to provoke another 9/11 style attack.
As tempting as it is, no one should stoop to that without evidence. Look for evidence by all means but when it inevitably does happen no one should assume the worst without a reasonable basis to do so.
That's probably what happened in the actual Reichstag Fire
Reichstag *fire*.
What country if you don't mind sharing?
>Don't see it happenin in US though, back then we had to deal with both terrorism and heavy institutionalized corruptionThe President of the United States says both are incredibly bad at the moment in the United States...  I'm not saying hes right, I'm just saying hes saying it.
I don't agree with this. These actions are very strategic and Trump is not the only one involved in them. 
He's not acting alone.
Well, if I *really* wanted to be that guy, I'd point out Peter Tosh is actually paraphrasing the supposed Abe Lincoln quote, You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.*if* I was going to be that guy, which I'm not.....yeah.
Lincoln gets credit for making it really popular, but the quote may go back as far as 1684https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Talk:Abraham_Lincoln#You_can_X_Y_of_the_people_Z_of_the_time
Their ideology isn't conservative.  Their ideology is one of cult-like personality worship along the lines of Chiang Kai Shek or Mao.  To them, the rules governing society comes not from laws, but from a person.  They seek to end the republic itself by placing a person above the law.I'm not really familiar with evangelicals, but the actions of Trump supporters certainly have a feel of fervent worshipers following the commands of a prophet.
Keep protesting and keep pushing their elected officials.  Escalate the resistance if necessary into general strikes and more marches.  If Trump wins over the judiciary and starts to crack down on dissent then provoking them into doing something drastic and heinous may become necessary.  Study the strategies used by civil rights activists in the 60s and employ them against Trump and his cronies.  Do not actively seek it, but be prepared to face violence.Institutions can only stand if people are willing to defend them.  The powers of the judiciary is provided by the constitution and held up by other parts of the government.  The people have to demonstrate to everyone that to defy the rightful powers of the judiciary would be to come into direct conflict with the people.
Get involved in offline grassroots organizations, and start building deep networks of opposition. The kind of networks that can pull out tens of thousands to protest in a moments notice. And which can rally the resources to fight any attack on the judiciary. And eventually which is widespread at enough to reach members of the police and military, which will be necessary for Trump to execute any unconstitutional attack on said judiciary.One of us isn't powerful. But millions are. 
old man yells at sky
SCOTUS judges don't have to worry about re-election. This is actually one of the better safeguards against the mob mentality.
He underestimated capitalism. Of course, who wouldn't? That was prior to the industrial revolution.
It really amazes me that people treat the founding fathers as if they were gods and not the same people we have in the world today. I think the one good thing about Trump is it's finally making us question that.
The electorate chose Clinton. The electoral college gave us Trump.
Pogo said I have meet the enemy and he is us.   Trump has seen the enemy when he looks in a mirror and he does not like what he sees.  
If a shark managed to kill someone in a state like Utah I would say that shark earned it.
No, but I would not be surprised to learn that many or most refugees come from those areas, for the reason I stated...He's not saying 77% of immigrants after all...  It's not like people coming in from Ireland are refugees.
I wouldn't be surprised, refugees typically come from places where there is conflict happening.
Throw a rock at a group of Trumpsupporters and you will find the one you are looking for.
You would not believe how much the right gobbles up every single crime committed by a refugee. I am positive they can remember every one of them in the whole world and even put them into chronological order.
Is that a photoshopped picture of his hands or are they really that small? 
Please never again mention those two in the same sentence unless it involves saying Darkwing Duck is coming to take out Trump to save us all
Her hands!  my god, if Trump shook her hands it would be devastating.
That's what I meant, he mistakenly believed obama was behind but trump is just a moron.
That's what I meant, he mistakenly believed obama was behind but trump is just a moron.
And it's also a FANTASTIC way to piss off judges. 
Fortunately for him, Brietbart news and Russia are both formidable adversaries to objective, empirical reality.
I knew it!  I violated Poe's Law!
It's a straight up lie anyway. Records show he made 5 million profit from Trump U and settled for 25 million. He rather be thought a clever crook than the sad fucking loser he really is.
> I committed all this fraud but I didn't pay for all the fraud I committed!That's because he's ~~crooked~~ smart!
These days it's a prerequisite to being the leader of the GOP.
>I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.That is the actual fucking tweet. POTENTIAL AWARD, he *ACTUALLY* thought the lawsuit was winnable to some degree. He defrauded every single person that invested in that shithole.
I get that this is more of a joke, but actually most settlement agreements specifically say they do NOT constitute an admission of liability.  Trump getting the basics wrong as usual..
Alternative Wins
>All those times it seemed like he settled were something else[I am pretty sure I know what caused that.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/158/326/9148130.jpg)
Alternative winning, to be sure
You misspelled whining.
Even educated fleas know it!
+1 for Brain Candy reference 
For when the US tries him for treason and hangs him for it. I hope they sell tickets :3
> Because we let Trump control the narrative in real life with his 4 AM tweets From now on we get up at 3AM Daylight Savings Time.
We did not let him. The Republicans have for decades crafted a constituency of 'trust us, distrust them', and were gung-ho in favor of him (words are wind, those saying they oppose him but taking a stand are not opposing him). Meanwhile Russia itself was using hacking the the firehose of falsehood (both of which they are much more experienced in for the purposes of subverting public opinion) to sow discord or make the result what they wanted.We didn't let anything happen. Resistance was already in effect. Many shouted and screamed their hearts out every chance they got, myself included. But it wasn't enough.Stop spreading the disinformation that this was ignored. It was not ignored. What we needed was broader support from people in general. The support of the people that didn't see the screaming and shouting and think it didn't happen.
I feel like fake news' literal meaning had an exceptionally short half-life. On Tuesday it meant Macedonian clickbait and on Thursday it meant CNN and the New York Times.
> he phrase means biased media nowWell, that's still wrong. Mainstream media is factual, not biased. Sure, the editorials slant left, but they are presented as opinion, not reportage. What the dipshits really mean by fake news is facts I don't like.
Its kind of like calling someone a stupidhead and they respond saying No, you're the stupidhead
If you want to upset a liberal, lie to them.If you want to completely trigger a conservative, tell them the truth.
Absolutely. They dilute the left's words until they can apply it back to them. 
> To them, just saying fake news means biased liberal media.I'm no expert, but I'm pretty sure that means its ok for us to start referring to Fox as intolerant white supremacist fundie news. I mean, we're calling breitbart that already...
Indeed, their true news is actually lies. Like the lie that crime is up (cause black and brown people is the clear implication) and that Islam is an actual threat to U.S. existence. To them - false news that fits their gut instinct that brown people are dangerous and must be barred from western society is the only true news.Basically, watch Hannity for 15 minutes and you'll get the picture. 
The big deal is actual fake news (completely fictional and fabricated stories) played a big role in the presidents election and is still being spread by the White House.  But that's been watered down by them just throwing fake news as a blanket term for everything they don't like.
Also Real Time with Bill Maher, and Vice got its start on HBO.
The legendary Mike Barnicle? Who can blame him? 
One more now.
Source: People
Smart people. Lots of them. They're great. 
possibly the event that [led to his presidency](http://i.imgur.com/4Leub8K.png)
That's the one thing he should not be faulted for.
Hahahaha, yup, that was either funny or funnier.
WRONG we all know that is a Shit-Gibbon pelt. What a shock, a Thalmor throwing out some Aldternative Facts.
Really? Huh. You'd think they'd be able to make a good regular controller if they can make a good fighting stick. I'm not really into fighting games, so I'm curious: do people prefer microswitches over contacts, or does it not really matter?
I think he prefers the Wii.
You're just mad because of my awesome skills with green shells. Don't hang out just behind me if you don't want to get pooped on.
He is correct. The Mario Kart manual specifically tells you to watch the screens of your opponents
>Protests against Donald Trump (redirect from 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration riots)accept the president-elect. The movement organized on Twitter under the hashtags #Anti-trump and #NotMyPresident. After he won the election, the security <Click>>HEWILLNOTDIVIDE.US>Shia LaBeouf, started live-streaming a planned four-year protest, titled HEWILLNOTDIVIDE.US, after the inauguration.[63] Other artists involved in the collaboration protest were Luke Turner and Nastja Sade Ronkko.[64] The host of the live-streamed protest, the Museum of Moving Images in New York, was forced to shut down the protest after three weeks because of incidents of violence occuring at the site.[63] The idea behind the protest and the installation was to collect images of people repeating the phrase, he will not divide us.[64] The installation became especially contentious after white supremacists started yelling 1488 to the camera and because of increased loitering in the area around the museum.[65] LaBeouf was arrested during one altercation and the museum received threats of violence.[64] More than a million people viewed the live-stream before it was shut down.<Scroll>>Fake News>Fox News incorrectly reported on a Craigslist advertisement that claimed to pay people $15 per hour, for up to four hours, if they took part in protests against Trump.[31] The fact checking website PolitiFact.com, rated a separate story titled Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: 'I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trump's Rally' as 100 percent fabricated, as its author acknowledges.[32] Paul Horner, a writer for a fake news website, took credit for the article, and said he posted the deceitful ad himself.[33]<Scroll>>Protests on February 4, 2017>San Francisco City Hall protest>On February 4, thousands of protesters marched on Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, where Trump was attending a fundraiser for the International Red Cross.[89] In New York City, thousands from the LGBTQ community gathered at the historic Stonewall Inn in a show of solidarity with immigrant communities and those affected by Trump's travel ban.[90] Thousands of people in San Francisco participated in a peaceful protest against Trump taking place outside San Francisco City Hall.[91] Protests also took place in Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles.[92] In Canada, thousands gathered outside the U.S. consulate in Toronto to protest against Islamophobia and Trump's ban.[93] Thousands of U.K. citizens also took to the streets in protest of the travel ban and Theresa May's invitation to Trump for a state visit.[<Scroll>>Tax Day March>Main article: Tax Day March>This protest (also known as Trump's Tax Day) has been planned in at least 37 cities in the US on April 15, 2017, to pressure Trump to release his tax returns.
Especially since he said that if an attack happens that we should blame the judge that blocked his executive order. Not to mention his most recent stance that our legal system is broken. Obligatory ____: I truly believe that our legal system is broken, but for diametrically different reasons. 
When it inevitably does happen President Trump will tweet about cause with no evidence. Shit, it hasn't happened yet and he already is tweeting without evidence.  He is the leader, we are suppose to follow his style. So we are suppose to go as low as him. And it is fair because it is reddit and cuz police always assume the worst on regular people for any reason. And business always assume the worst of regular people. And politicians always assume the worst of regular people.  I mean, as regular people why should we be any different than them when looking for situations?   Do we really need evidence to see how 9/11 benefited only the republicans who then just about let the country fall into depression 7 years later? Assume the worst of the mother fuckers and be happy if your proven wrong. 
Peru. We still don't have a senate, only congress, and people on the rural zones are so thankful that he got rid of the terrorists they almost elected his daughter president. She was first lady of the country after he tortured the previous one. Not only that, he's the 6th most corrupt ex-president in history iirc
Trump's a moron and he's flailing about. 
-Michael Scott
Huh, TIL
The goal is to reach the rapture.  Where the con will finally be revealed and they all go to Hell.  The End.
No. No no no.They're not to be confused with leftists. They are fascists the likes of Hitler, Pinochet and Mussolini.
They don't have to worry about reelection, but that doesn't mean they can't be biased, partisan asshats who want to use their position to advance an agenda.
I don't think anyone should serve any position for life. Imagine a Supreme Court judge with undiagnosed early onset dementia being the deciding vote in even one landmark case. That's terrifying. I believe we should have age restrictions for high level positions like these and the presidency. I think 70 is way too old to run any country let alone America.
Somebody got rich selling pet rocks? The fuck? - Thomas Jefferson
Yes.  I do wonder what those same founding fathers might include in a constitution written today.
In France there's a bunch of quotes from people that participated in writing the first constitution that are relatively well known and that are not pretty (for nowadays standards). These people were often elitists and had a not very nice view of the common man (which maybe was somewhat justified given the instruction level at the time), and were generally concerned about protecting or promoting their class interests.There's periodically some talk about writing a new constitution (one current candidate from the left has a plan to that effect).It's the issue with building sacred myths like the founding fathers, it's really hard to reform.
I find it weird that conservatives venerate them so much this way, since, while a lot of their views would probably be conservative now, back then, the founding fathers were radical progressives. A conservative back then would have been a monarchist. 
And in the ultimate irony the Electoral College was meant to be a protection against an authoritarian con-man tricking ignorant voters with false populism and ending up in the White House. 
Must've been a Street Shark. 
But without a source his statement means nothing.  His team of lawyers were unable to provide sufficient evidence for the ban being necessary.  Trump is now trying to ad hoc with more unsubstantiated claims.  Until there's actual evidence he's not going to get his way. 
Here's some actual numbers, Democratic Republic of Congo 19% (16,370), Syria 15%, Burma 15% gets us to 49% from 2016 already.Considering 12.5 million Syrians have been displaced from their homes this is far lower than I'd expect from a wealthy nation that claims morality.For comparison more than 200,000 immigrants, largely from Southeast Asia, were given refugee status by the U.S. the year the Refugee Act was signed into lawhttp://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/02/03/where-refugees-to-the-u-s-come-from/
Are we *allowed* to throw rocks at them? Or *required* ?
They don't really care about the crimes themselves, it's just an excuse to push their agenda.It doesn't matter basically every single crime is punished and dealt with, or that the crime rate per captia is not drastically higher then any other group of people.It doesn't matter there has only been a dozen islam linked terrorist attacks in the last decade in the USA out of millions of muslims already living there and millions more who have visited, they all must be punished, it doesn't matter there have also been dozens of white supremacist attacks, because that is just lone wolves or they are fakeIt's one massive distraction to take away peoples rights, take their money and ignore rampant corruption, IGNORE US AND LOOK AT THESE EVIL EVIL MUSLIMS   
The giant frumpy suit jacket probably isn't making them look any bigger 
His hands are disproportionately tiny for his 6'2 frame.Really.[Compare your hands to his.](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/how-small-are-trumps-hands-916593)
To say nothing about her abnormally large vagina? If Trump tried grabbing it his hands might well vanish. 
I don't care how much he makes or loses. He's still a loser. 
If you want to make a small fortune, give Trump a big fortune.-someone
That's just Trump in a nutshell. Lose 25 million, but make 5 and convince people they should lend you thirty.
He managed to fail his way straight to the top. It's kind of impressive, really. In a bear-riding-a-bicycle sort of way. 
Hey, our residing president said not paying your taxes makes you smart.  Guess the IRS is getting ready to go after most of the country 
It's not an admission *in the eyes of the law*, but in the court of popular judgement, it is something else. 
Trump accused someone else (I forget who) of being guilty of something because they settled it in court.
So-called winning, if you will.
Let's know it! Let's know like trump!
Are you kidding me?! Even flea school dropouts know it. 
If Trump was executed via firing squad they wouldn't even have to put a blank in one of the guns. You'd have no problem finding enough people willing to do it even without the plausible deniability. 
So short. Way too short. Kinda scary how quickly they coopted and watered down the term.
It certainly wasn't an accident - actual 'fake news' propaganda sites immediately started calling everything 'fake news' to confuse their idiot audience.
Yup, the incredibly quick redefining of 'fake news' was both fascinating and very disheartening to watch.
I learned the power of the right that week. Take a legitimate clear and present danger to the American public (fake propaganda that may or may not have been paid for by a foreign state) and twist its meaning to make people start talking about why CNN is or isn't fake news. Suddenly we're not talking about the clickbait and efforts to counter it are seen as ministries of truth. 
Have you read 1984?
Plenty of mainstream outfits lean right. WaPo has a centre right editorial board for example. Fox and WSJ are hard right.
All media is biased in some way or another. Usually not to the degree where they make up false stories, but simple things like how things are phrased and what stories are focused on is affected by bias. Even if you try not to be biased
Oh absolutely. But it doesn't help when your newsfeed on Facebook shows a CNN labelled article (and it's an editorial opinion piece) a lot of people will see that as news. Media has blurred the line between news and entertainment so well that a journalist's opinion piece is misenterpreted as a news headline. 
The donald: any  headline not backed up by a green frog cartoon is fake news.
There are certainly biases in even non-editorial, msm.  There are underlying assumptions that hyper-nationalism and xenophobia are not ideal positions, and the articles reflect that.  That is a bias toward a sort of multiculturalism.  It's also a bias I'm happy that the msm has.
Too bad he died in the Bowling Green Massacre.  Sad!
What a fucking crazy old man.
They don't *want* to make a good controller, they want to make a *cheap* controller.  That's where the money is.  Fighting sticks are the one market where people will pay premium money for premium controller.
As I see it, he's a con artist. He has a history of failed developments he used to sucker people out of their money. He has a way of speaking that allows the listener to hear what they want. He knows how to deflect attention from important topics. Con artistry takes a certain amount of intelligence. I recently read The Making of Donald Trump... he's pretty good at getting people to invest in his projects and then leaving them with the bill. To underestimate him as stupid or a moron because you don't agree with him is a dangerous approach. It allows him to be a couple steps ahead of you because you assume he's bumbling and don't foresee his next steps. 
True, but the beauty of for-life appointments is people get to be themselves without fear of reprisal.Monsters like Trump are exactly why SCOTUS appointments are for a lifetime.
They can still be impeached like any other federal officer if it is obvious they can't do their job. Or just retire. 
Wait until he find out about the Yo app... 
No lobbying, for starters.
It would look vastly different which is why basing every law in our country on a 200+ year old document written by 18th century revolutionaries makes absolutely zero sense. The Constitution needs to be looked at and revised, regularly. 
Yep.  They venerate people who would be horrified by their views.  They weren't radical progressives, they were liberals.
That was the argument I've read for years. I'll be damned
If that were the case, the electors would be chosen in proportion to the national popular vote rather than this state-based winner-take-all bullshit.
That's great and all, but what's he's saying is that even if the number *was* true, that would make perfect sense. Refugees come from war zones. That's sort of the idea. 
[America's **biggest** loser!](http://i.imgur.com/KQYdZYQ.jpg)
Loses by 3 million votes.
If you want to have a regional power, give Trump a superpower.Edit: the second part could be read in an unintended way...
I was thinking an orange Forrest Gump with a shitty attitude and no graciousness.
You're absolutely right, but it's unfortunate because that view comes from a common misunderstanding about why settlements happen.  
Well, he was right about one thing, because I'm definitely sick of all this winning.
A gold medalist from the Bowling Green Olympics
I'd give up a kidney to be the person doing that.
> Kinda scary how quickly they coopted and watered down the term.This is what they've done for a while now. They quite often take a term used by left leaning people, divorce it from it's meaning and context, and absolutely run it into the ground.Hell, take the term Safe Space which if you go by the intended meaning, is completely different to the way the likes of Breitbart ran with it. What did it mean? Well, consider for a moment someone who's struggling with the sexuality, and want to talk about it with someone, but in a situation where there's an understanding that what they say doesn't get repeated outside of that space, where they're not under threat of being judged or ridiculed. Maybe the person fears they'll be ostracized from their peers if they're outed, or maybe they fear they'll be judged for it, you follow? So in reality, a safe space is about enabling someone to speak about issues they normally couldn't. But you wouldn't think that from the way the likes of Breitbart or your average TD user use the term, would you? 
half of trump supporters are confused as to the veracity of the non-existent bowling green massacre.  these people are literally POISONING the WELL of REALITY.
They'll do this with every single thing they can.
They've been dealing in it for 20 years...they know the concept intimately. 
Is this a good time to bring up the phrase white genocide?
Should have been Willie Geist instead.
I've now got a mental image of Trump sitting down for a Twilight Saga marathon and eating his popcorn with a fork.
Also the gold standard for console controllers are pretty much the standard size and shape that come with the consoles. Any variation seems cheap or shitty. And I'm sure the original designs are patented. This makes these third parties make weird awkward bogus controllers. But arcade sticks are different.
He's con artist smart, but not actually smart. As in he can con people to become President, but is baffled by the actual job. 
So now let's hope whatever loyalist propaganda tube gets chosen to be the SCOTUS judge only pretended to be a loyalist propaganda tube to get the job.
The right to lobby our government is one of the most important rights we have. The 1st amendment protects it.The answer you are seeking is publicly-funded elections.
Whenever people argue that this crap is what the founding fathers intended, I ask how electors today are encouraged to be capable of independent thought, what with the laws and social pressure telling them they *absolutely* cannot exercise independent thought.
[deleted]
Now if only he would lose some weight \#TrumpSoFat
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates......They're all mine and nobody else's and they're the best chocolates in the world, believe me. The best. I know more about chocolates than the Belgians, and these are the best tasting chocolates. Unless they taste bad, in which case it's your fault they taste bad. Except they don't even taste bad in the first place, you're just lying about them tasting bad because you're fake news.
I disagree. Certainly some companies/people settle despite not having committed the alleged violations of law, but guilt is a heavy incentive to settle. You don't want to go to court with the facts arrayed against you by a competent adversary.
Yeah that's a particularly fucked up example.
Yup. They've coopted a lot of words. Political correctness, for one. Even triggered. And they're trying to co-opt words like diversity and multiculturalism, too. Even the word liberal and social justice.I think a lot of today's political issues stem from the fact that a great chunk of the political discourse, and quite frankly, our political fighting, is done online. Anonymously. So where as it used to be more reserved and honest, and empathetic (because you were debating face to face), it's now become basically a political argument of the unhinged super ego. Everyone speaks their true feelings, and it's a pretty nasty sight.
It's also an effective use of the Dick Cheney effect. Accuse your opponent of being the thing you actually are so they're now on the defensive and the claims lose focus.It works especially well on the both sides are bad people when they hear the same argument but can't be bothered to discern which is accurate.Maybe no puppet, you're the puppet lacks nuance, but it appears to work.
He probably died there too.
Shape alone doesn't make it shitty though. It's the cheap ass plastic, bad tolerances that makes it creak when you grab it and the mushy buttons that instantly tell you that the quality is shit.
The one exception is the original Xbox and it's ridiculous fucking controllers.  MadCats actually made a decent version of those that could actually fit in human hands.
Or not being able to abuse lobbying like corporations are doing now.
Having worked in corporate law I can tell you in many many civil cases (more than just some) the legal strategy regarding settle vs fight is mostly about what's cheaper. They care less about the stigma of a court judgment than they do about resolving the case as cheaply as possible. When they can settle a claim for 10,000 that would cost 100,000 in lawyers fees alone to defend they're almost always going to settle even if they're innocent. A company would consider that a win even though they settled because they judge what a win is based on their bottom line. Guilt (or more accurately, the ability of the other side to prove guilt) is an incentive to settle, but the economics of settlement vs litigation usually makes settlement the better option regardless of guilt.
It gets even worse if you think about it, they'll constantly run useful, practical terminology into the ground, and make it downright unusable. You can't use Fake News without sounding like a god damn kook, spinning conspiracy theories and ranting about gates made of pizza. It's a form of culture jamming, if you utterly distort the meaning of certain terms or words to enough people, it hugely impedes the people using those terms being understood, being able to having a meaningful conversation.Pick any vaguely lefty-sounding buzzword or terminology, and I can probably point out a distortion by the right. 
Political correctness is a terrific example, it used to mean something quite different indeed. Original it was a sort of putting politics above your own conscience meaning, so say for example a political party member doing something that would score brownie points but was questionable, it could be morally wrong, but *politically* correct. So in the original sense of the word, putting party above people would be politcal correctness.By co-opting the term, it carried over the implication that simply treating people with respect was in and of itself an act that is trying to score points. As in you accuse someone; you don't actually think marriage equality is a good thing, you're just going with it to be politically correct.
How do you do that without cutting off access to constituents and violating the 1st amendment? The right to organize and lobby my government is spelled out. The right to organize means me and 10 of my buddies can pay to send Jeff to Washington to argue for our preferred policy on our behalf. 8th grade civics.If we publicly fund elections, congressmen need to please the voters, not lobbyists donating to campaign chests.Worthless platitudes like no lobbying is actually how we got in this fucked-up spot, no one wants to research their own opinion longer than the time it runs through their head.
As I frequently tell people, the job of a litigation attorney is to avoid litigation as much as possible.
Completely agree. They have these shitty morally baseless tactics and then when we describe those tactics they debase the terms so that we can't even describe what they're doing.It's some Metal Gear Solid shit.
Triggered. Started as a PTSD term, was admittedly coopted by some people on the left who aren't actually being triggered in the PTSD sense, now it's used by the right to dismiss and mock anyone who says something is offensive.
> Pick any vaguely lefty-sounding buzzword or terminology, and I can probably point out a distortion by the right.Socialist?
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Technically accurate, but draft-dodging seems pretty low on the list of the worst thing Trump has done.
I recently learned that chickenhawks are actually red-tailed hawks, and as a fan of red-tailed hawks (I see and admire them almost every day where I live) I think comparing them to Trump is really unfair. They're beautiful birds with an important role in the ecosystem. Trump is more like a landfill seagull.
The reality-dodging is actually alot more serious than the draft-dodging.
... and a Tax Cheat too!I hope King Asshole Has a Twitter Twitch-Fit tonight!!!
Of all the DNC chair candidates, Buttigieg is by far the best one. He's what you guys need imo.
Seems like a true statement.
[Chickenhawk...](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chickenhawk_\(politics\)) I haven't heard that one in a while.
I'd take Pete Buttigieg all day for DNC chair at this point. He's from outside the beltway and from a Red State. Ellison is just as establishment as Perez (Bernie supporters are just too blind to admit it). Buttigieg is the perfect compromise. 
Don't forget 'Russian asset.'
How is a man who is nothing have everything? Such a chump.
I'm all for Keith for DNC Chair, but Pete Buttigieg seems like a decent guy too. Not going to be mad if it's him.
It's still amazing to me that so many in the military voted for him. He dodged the draft 5 times, and says he hates POWs because he finds them to be losers. Military men usually get pissed when civilians ask if they would follow illegal orders or not, yet most voted for a man that vowed to use torture, send american citizens to Guantanamo, and invade countries to explicitly steal their oil. What does this all say about all the red hats in our armed forces?? 
Poor Pete Buttegieg, doesn't get his name mentioned until the second paragraph of the article 
More of this. 
Canada will lovingly take you in! We've got freedom, healthcare, and water to spare!
I think he actually said chickenhead
Trump is a loser
Just like Hitler he's going to order others to their deaths in war (which nation is he being aggressive towards *today?*) without ever having served in the military.
The man has so many flaws, it's nice to spice it up from time to time instead of focusing on only the worst ones.
When listing them it becomes a chore. He's a serial sexual predator a thieving  misogynist racist unfaithful perjurer wife raping tax fraud con man serial liar idiot fascist and you could go on and on and on.    
> Technically accurate, but draft-dodging seems pretty low on the listNot only is he a draft dodger, but Donald Trump is so incompetent, he will kill way more American soldiers than Obama, Bush, or Bill Clinton.  Already, the raid in Yemen was a failure because of Trump's incompetency and a US soldier died because of it.  It's unfortunate that so many servicemen and servicewomen voted for this draft dodger because they effectively voted for an incompetent draft dodging Commander in Chief that will lead to more deaths in the armed services because he is so incompetent.
The fact that he attacks actual veterans makes it relevant 
I think we need to move past draft dodging as an insult. The war was fucking stupid, we now know for a fact it was stupid, and I sure as shit hope I would have dodged it too. I wouldn't have, because I'm fucking stupid too and joined to go to Iraq. Stupid. 
> draft-dodging seems pretty low on the list of the worst thing Trump has done.Maybe, but to Republicans that's basically anti-Patriotism--unless of course its their family members being offered up to military service.
Yes, especially when one considers that he owes his wealth and position to American bankruptcy laws.
Actually, his supporters are all true patriots and his weak (daddy controlled) deferments and ultimately excuse should be highlighted. If shit hit the fan, they would find him in a hole, whimpering - kinda like Saddam Hussein 
It does highlight his and his parties hypocrisy very well though. Republicans are more than willing to send other people to fight as long as it's not them or their families doing the fighting.
Well, we do know that birds of prey don't care for him.http://giphy.com/gifs/donald-eagle-bald-ZLpVNgQHN2d4Q
It's also an older term for a predatory pedophile, but I'm *sure* that wasn't the intention here
> red-tailed hawksThere is a great beer called Red Tail from Colorado.  Are you from Colorado?
Comparing anything to trump is unfair to those anythings.
I feel bad for the landfill and parking lot seagulls though. They don't realize what they are missing out on at the beach. I see him more as a cuckoo. Not in the obvious he's crazy sense, but more in the brood parasite fashion. Like a cuckoo. The cuckoo (at least some species) lay their eggs in other birds nests at the detriment to the potential offspring of the mother bird. They show up, slap their names on the nest and rely on the other birds to do the real work. Meanwhile, the lesser birds suffer. Then they move on, living their lives like nothing happened. They also have silly hair. 
If you mean he is shitting all over the place and grabbing what isn't his then landfill seagull seems like an appropriate comparison.
https://youtu.be/zEsLcjt1GXY
Narcissistic personality disorder at work. He's never wrong it's reality that's wrong and you're the shitty person if you bring it up.
*Bitch-fit
You guys?
It was all the rage in the 2000s
However. His name is Butt gig. 
I don't know how he wasn't super popular.  He isn't far left or far right.  He is gay, so the establishment Dems can play identity politics all day.  Perfect way to bridge the party.
Ellison gets primary turnout though
Russian asshat?
I'm a lazy gaymer, but if you can get Pete or Ronan up, I will personally door knock.
Don't forget the Khan family 
But Hitler served .Hitler had dogs and really liked them.In my book Hitler is a better human being than trump.*Hitler read more books than trump
>it's nice to spice it up from time to time instead of focusing on only the worst ones.I can't help but think of [Uncle Ruckus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_MTmrOhe50) from The Boondocks... 
Especially when he's recently decided he's an authority on military success.
It's not that he dodged the draft so much that bugs me.. It's how and why he did. If he really felt the war was stupid and objected I would not think twice about his dodging. But he was just a spoiled rich kid who used daddy's money to get out of it. 
We need to move past it as an insult because the people in the army at the time didn't seem to think it was insult. A person who didn't want to be in the war but was forced to be there was a hazard. So a person who knew they didn't want to be there and took actions to avoid going there probably saved lives.The reason it shouldn't be moved past as a label though is because of the politicians who haven't served and are so eager to go to war or use American troops don't understand what it means. Chickenhawk is probably a way better insult anyways.
I don't know. A guy who dodged the Vietnam draft (by getting an easy National Guard assignment) beat out a decorated hero of that same war in 2004.
Something poetic about the symbol for America striking out against that man. 
Some serious symbolism there
Should start calling him a pussyhawk.
I also heard it was a term for older gay man who likes younger men
we have red-tailed hawks in NYC so they are probably allover the country
Red Tail Ale from Saratoga Springs, NY. Not my favorite. 
Nope, California, but I've lived in other states and seen them there too (including the east coast). :) I'm down for a good beer though!
We should never forget that these people are as full of shit as anyone,  and suffer from the same realities of the human condition as the rest of us.  No amount of wealth and prosperity can protect you from your faults and failings.    It's what you do in response to your faults and failings that makes you a real man or a real woman.   There are signs that our current administration lives in profound separation from their own humanity.  
Liberals and the liberal bias this sub represents.Edit: Lol im getting downvoted for pointing out something literally everyone knows. This sub is liberal echochamber. 
Speaking of books, Hitler actually wrote his own autobiography.
[deleted]
Yes, I have an idea it will become truly iconic in a few years.
Outta my way, I'm flyin' here!  
Actually, I was thinking Mendocino Brewery - it's california.
Is he going to get you to join the democratic party?
See. I wanted to include this, then I remembered that he wrote it like trump via ghostwriter. :(
Read my posts on t_d.Also. You are being reported.Edit: just served my 1 week ban for calling Roger stone an insane troll. You should qualify for a ban to.
Nice. Olde Saratoga Brewing is owned by Mendocino. I bet they have east and west coast distribution. Some Oregon microbrew built the brewery in Saratoga in the '90s that made Red Tail originally. Mendocino bought the brewery and the beer brands made there. Mendocino filed for bankruptcy and screwed the locals who they had debt with. One was my neighbor. He did the artwork for the labels and six pack which they still use today. For revenge he started Rat Tail Ale (Grab some Tail!) with Cooperstown Brewery and placed it next to Red Tail at the beverage stores. He linked it to advertising he was doing for the Albany River Rats AHL hockey team. He made his money back and put a dent in Red Tail. I'm sure Red Tail is good beer but none for me. Sorry about the rant. I think we were discussing Trump and Seagulls. 
When the democrats become a bit more fiscally conservative among other things and move to the right a bit then yes. I cannot vote for a party that is constantly trying to undermine the second amendment with stupid ideas like gun free zones and the idea that you should be able to sue gun manufacturers and Weak on illegal immigration . I do like some democrat policies though. Universal healthcare is a more fiscally conservative solution than the abomination we have in place atm. Also have no problem with gay marriage and abortion. I am personally pro- life but conservatism is all about limited government and personal responsibility. It is neither limited government nor personal responsibility to tell gay people they can't get married or to make such a personal decision for a woman by outlawing abortion.
Damn, I didn't know that. Really takes the shine off of Hitler.
I'd like to see the democrats take the Swiss approach to guns. Totally turn that issue around.In the area of fiscal conservatism I think there is a reasonable debate to be had. I don't like the hypocrisy where once a republican is in the white house deficits don't matter. I'd like to see the defense department get audited. Medicare needs to be able to negotiate drug prices, it's broken otherwise. I also think tax reform is a good idea as long as the rate isn't set recklessly low. Tax reform seems like an area that can get widespread support.
Mayor Pete helped turn South Bend from a Top 20 Dying City to a much better place to live. He a U.S. Navy Reservist and even temporarily stepped down when he got called up to the Reserves.  He is a Rhodes Scholar and is fluent in multiple languages.The dude is a rock star.
Oh we're still pretending conservatives are fiscally responsible and don't just use small government, states rights when it's something they disagree with?Small enough government to fit in your underwear. - Some user I read on Reddit today
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
As pointed out in the video, both the Washington Post and New York Times are reporting that Flynn was in communication with the Russian government **before the election**, i.e. **during the campaign**.Many of us suspected it. The dossier claimed it. Now two papers of record are reporting it, confirmed with multiple sources from several government agencies.
This definitely has the step-by-step peeling-onion-layers watergate wiff about it.Not bad for 3 weeks in. This has got to go all the way to the top.There can be no whitewash at the White House.
The GOP is still standing behind an unstable man who colluded with a hostile foreign power to get elected. That's their legacy in history.
Not intending to be daft, but is the worst case scenario that Trump and ~~his merry band of bigots~~ his administration need to fire Flynn, say, 'good riddance to bad rubbish,' and carry on destroying the economy? Or are there possibly wider implications?
[The Basic Question from Josh Marshall](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/the-basic-question):   > The New York Times reports that Gen. Mike Flynn had a back channel line of communication to the Russian Ambassador to the United States during the 2016 campaign. **Did President Trump know this at the time? If so, did he discuss the conversations with Flynn? Authorize them? Use them as a conduit for passing his own messages? If he did not know about them at the time, when did he learn of them?**
Conspiring with the Russians during the campaign while Russia was hacking the DNC makes Watergate and Nixon  look like eating a grape in the grocery store.  And never forget in a July campaign speech Trump said, **I will tell you this, Russia: If youre listening, I hope youre able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing, Trump said at a news conference then. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.** 
This is the other side of the Conway Buy Trump clothing distraction. This is what every news outlet should be reporting. Though they are all criminals at this point, I suppose. This is nothing short of treason, IMO.
Even if you're the kind of person who thinks the DNC leak was good, unauthorized access of information systems is a federal offense. So this would be a conspiracy to break federal law, even without the foreign power angle. Sort of like another conspiracy to gain unorganized access to something for the purposes of influencing a presidential election, except that particular burglary wasn't a federal offense. And didn't involve collusion with agents of a foreign power. And the possibility of quid pro quo with said foreign power makes it worse.Edit: Silly me, the wiretapping! The wiretapping of the DNC was a federal offense in Watergate. GOP never changes, they just add Russia.
We need to know if Trump is a puppet, /r/knowpuppet
Initially I was irate that Flynn spoke to Russia. But then I remembered Reagan spoke to Iran behind Carter's bank. But then on further analysis I am back to irate. Reagan was at least trying to help the US, hostages, (and himself). Trump Inc. in the Whitehouse has been,- lying all along- using, empowering, and challenging a primary hostile foreign power to help himself and take down his challenger- invite Russia to hack and deliver missing emails - invite Russia to interfere in a US electionIf the larger part of the story of quid-pro-quo that Trump is doing favors for Russia because they have dirt on Trump and helped ease his way into office --- if that's true --- Trump, Pence, Flynn, Bannon need to be impeached and fired.Trump does **not** represent what America stands for on the whole.
The key here is Bannon. He is the man behind the curtain.He is to Trump what John Ehrlichman was to Nixon.
Pop Pop
18 U.S. Code  793 (a) Whoever, for the purpose of obtaining information respecting the national defense with intent or reason to believe that the information is to be used to the injury of the United States, or to the advantage of any foreign nation...
Worth watching. Thanks
Here's the issue some have forgotten about: [Putin's response to the sanctions, or lack there of, surprised everyone in the intel community.](http://imgur.com/a/SZdlr)**TLDW**: Flynn told the Russian amb to not worry about the sanctions, that they would deal with them later after Trump had won the election. But the White House chief of staff, White House spokesman and Vice President Mike Pence confirmed that Flynn had NOT talked about this, essentially going against all the nine different intel sources. So they either lied, or passed it on thinking it was true so Flynn had lied to them. This is a problem because Flynn apparently has undermined the US government, which is illegal sort of. They also had repeated contact with the Russian gov during the election when Trump was campaigning. Also, about the Russian intel dossier. Maddow says that the dossier contains two big claims: the dirty details about Trump's personal sex scandals in Russia (the kompromat) and that Trump has been working together with the Russian government while they interfered with the US election. She says that CNN could confirm that the parts that were corroborated by the nine intel sources were NOT the personal sex scandals (yet) leaving the part about Trump collaborating with the Russian government to win the election. **The Trump campaign worked WITH a foreign government to influence the outcome of the election.**
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL!!!!
It is not the act, it is the lie every time.Flynn talking to Russia, though maybe illegal according to the Logan Act, wasn't telling them something Trump hadn't already said publicly.  What is going to be interesting is the fact he *lied* about it to the VP and Preibus.   Pence & Preibus then went on national TV and said *of course Flynn didn't talk about sanctions*.  
How is it not treason to make deals with a foreign government against our government? When this is substantiated Flynn should be hanged
It doesn't bother me much that Flynn spoke with Russia during the transition period even to the point of undermining Obama's actions (which I approve). What bothers me is the subsequent lying by Flynn and the Trump administration, even to the level of Mike Pence, and the fact that the Trump campaign was in talks with Russia, a Russia that was actively working to elect Trump. This is impeachment level stuff and not just Trump but the entire Trump administration. 
If this is the intelligence communities conclusion, then are they going to do anything about a traitorous president?  I keep seeing that people are doing illegal things (albeit much less serious) all the time and nothing happens.  Is the CIA seriously going to shrug their shoulders in light of this?  I don't believe they even need Congresses approval to arrest a person for violating the Logan Act.  I would expect the secret service to actually be the ones to put the handcuffs on.  Either that or they can spit in the face to all those who served and died.  Of course only if this assertion is final and evidence is solidified.
And yet it doesn't matter. Congress won't do anything, they've shown they don't care as long as they can plausibly deny it and stay in power. The intelligence agencies are resorting to spreading rumors in the press. In other words, it's all pointless.
wow. lock them up!
Can China or the EU help the Democrats out next election? Because apparently that's kosher now.
Hold on to your butts!
Pop pop!
I see libs are still paying attention to this guy. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
/r/titlegore
Tempest in a teapot.
So much emotion. So much influence. News is a place for facts. Facts shall be used as proof to uphold laws that will keep things in their proper order. The media is keeping us, the many various people of America, from being unified. 
It also means Pence, priebus, Spicer all lied when they repeatedly claimed that the campaign was not communicating with Russia.
WaPo had NINE sources corroborating too. That's like insane in journalism. Getting nine people to go on record saying the same thing in a case like this is nuts. 
And yet it still won't matter unless we can get congress to act on it
> Now two papers of record are reporting it, confirmed with multiple sources from several government agencies.[And confirmed by Russian officials themselves](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/moscow-had-contacts-with-trump-team-during-campaign-russian-diplomat-says/2016/11/10/28fb82fa-a73d-11e6-9bd6-184ab22d218e_story.html?tid=sm_tw_pw).
And if this, such a serious assertion in the dossier, is true, I feel we have good reason to place more faith in other assertions made in it
> The dossier claimed it.If I recall the dossier claimed a lot of outlandish things though.  And honestly I'm still skeptical about most of it as all we have to go with is the word of the intelligence community.  The intelligence community are our spies, they're by necessity shady as fuck and often have their own self-serving agenda.  Trump openly despises them and thinks he doesn't need them.  As much as I don't trust Trump and Flynn I also don't trust the intelligence community at their word on this either.I know it's easy to get carried away trying to douse the dumpster fire that is the Trump administration, and I'm not saying that this is necessarily false, but slinging _false_ accusations at the Trump administration may end up bolstering them.
And this is also why conspiracy theories are kinda dumb (but fun!) because it's damn near impossible to keep every person involved quiet. For example, Rudy fucked Trump with this travel ban by talking to Fox News about it. Rudy is also going to fuck him in the future because he blabbed about knowing about those new emails from Hillary in Oct before the Comey letter. Trump's daughter in law did the same thing. His buddy and ally Erik Prince lied to Brietbart about them, too. And that's just one piece of the larger alleged conspiracy. This is an onion and hopefully it gets broken down sooner rather than later. 
>Americans deserve to know if their President is a crookOh most of us already know.
It's now referred to as the very famous White House.
[Not the first time](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/31/opinion/sunday/nixons-vietnam-treachery.html?_r=0), [or the second](http://www.counterpunch.org/2014/07/11/the-october-surprise-was-real/).
That's why Fox ~~News~~Opinion was started...to make sure there is a constant support base for corrupt politicians.
Far Wider. Especially if they have information that connects further actors in the Trump team and the RNC. 
Much wider if the Chief of staff, White House spokesman and Pence lied about this and it's worth asking how much Trump knew about Flynn's communications with Russia. If he knew about it during all this time he has lied about a dozen times at least. 
Even in an absolute best case, this stains the entire adminstration. Trump and his team either working with Russia or incompetent enough to allow someone who was into their campaign, proven beyond a doubt after vehement denial? That'll sting the Republican brand hard. 
The worse case scenario is trump and friends sold us foreign policy in exchange for illegal foreign aid to install him into power. The best case scenario is Flynn is fired.If this goes all the way to the top. Trump will be extremly lucky to just be impeached. Life in prison is the more likely outcome.
Only if other members of Team Trump knew what was going on.Others have cited things like Pence vouching for him and such, but realistically, they'll just say that they misspoke or misremembered the events that took place, take the flack of lying, and move on.There has to be proof that they knew what was happening and went along with it. Getting caught lying about and vouching for Flynn won't have legal ramification - unless it's under oath.
This extends far beyond Flynn. It exends to the Trump campaign and to the Trump administration. 
Worse case scenario is that happening but everyone else involved, most def including Trump, gets a pass.
Flynn likely wasn't acting alone so others could also get nailed, not to mention the possibility that Flynn could testify against the Trump administration to save himself.
Worst case scenario he pardons Flynn, keeps him on and says he'll stay, and nothing else happens.
*What did he know and when did he know it*History doesn't repeat, but it often rhymes. 
Putin would not put this amount of trust in an advisor if he wasn't sure that Trump would back up what Flynn was promising. Simple as that.
Or [when](http://www.npr.org/2016/10/11/497520017/trump-apparently-quotes-russian-propaganda-to-slam-clinton-on-benghazi) a russian source would post a fake story in the morning which Trump would repeat in the same evening, gee what a coincidence.
Every news outlet *is* reporting this. It's everywhere. Nobody is getting distracted by Conway's lunacy.The only outlets not reporting, or downplaying this, are reliable propaganda outlets like Breitbart, Fox, and the Washington Times.
Something in my gut is saying they only released this tiny bit of info now was because of the court ruling and the 'loss' to the administration is a good way to get the ball rolling down the hill.
> Even if you're the kind of person who thinks the DNC leak was good...then you're an idiot. These were private emails sent between private individuals containing no evidence of illegal activity. These were not released by whistleblowers to alert lawmakers of illegal activity, these were released by a partisan organization after being stolen by the Russian government to influence the election. The  general public had absolutely no expectation of access to these emails.
No puppet. You're the puppet. 
Uh, you know the October Surprise was Reagan convincing Iran to hold the hostages *longer* in exchange for weapons, right? How was that helping them?
Yeah Trump's sucking up to Russia has no real benefit to the US, that's what's bothering me. The only one benefiting from this relationship is Russia by having the sanctions (imposed by the world on them) lifted. 
You seem to have forgotten all his cabinet picks that purposefully weaken America's foundations.  All these insane people he appointed makes sense in light of this information.
Granted that Bannon's fingerprints are all over this, but the idea that Trump would have been out of the loop on Flynn's interaction with the Russians during the campaign to influence the election and somehow wasn't aware of any deal Flynn made with the Russian ambassador over the sanctions just begs credulity.Trump is a control freak, he micromanages everything involved with his life. He's up to his eyeballs in this one.
Pop what, Magnitude!? Pop WHAT!? 
It's SHOW TIME
I'm doubtful that he lied about it to the VP and Preibus. It's much more likely that both Pence and Preibus know about the phone calls, and themselves went on national TV and lied to present a unified front - figuring if no one cracked, and they all had the same story, no one would find out the truth.
I agree that this is bad and should result in impeachment and dismissal for anyone who was in on it, straight up to the top. But my understanding is that treason in the legal sense has a more specific definition and involves being at war with the country that was assisted. With that said, this is still all kinds of illegal, and to repeat, should result in this administration being over. 
Stop talking like a Trump supporter. 
> It doesn't bother me much that Flynn spoke with Russia during the transition period even to the point of undermining Obama's actions (which I approve)Treason doesn't bother you?
Why would you be ok with undermining obamas orders? Especially with Putin? I get not liking Obama but come on dude, that's a little nuts.
What about those fucks in the House and Senate?  How could they not know what was going on?
It was the coverup that got them on watergate. Fingers crossed lightning strikes twice. 
>They literally don't report anything other than to bash TrumpHow would you even know that unless you're watching it? Is it you Donald?
The size and scope of the scandal is becoming more clear. That wasn't so hard to parse. 
As it grows bigger.... eh.. it becomes more clear? Like a balloon? 
We gain the clarity about the magnitude..
>Tempest in a teapot.Tempest in a samovar would be a better reference - a big wave in a small pond even better.P.S., it's usually a storm in a tea-cup. :)
Never Forget: BenghaziNever Remember: Bowling GreenNo one is surprised by lies.
*Strictly* speaking that might not be true. Pence might have been kept out of the loop on the Russia thing. I mean I doubt it, or he should have easily suspected what was going, but then he also could still plausibly say he didn't *know*.It's part of the reason media organizations are hesitant to say Trump lies. Proving someone is lying is very difficult as you have to have clear proof that he/she knows what they just said to not be true. Trump is almost certainly lying often or, at a minimum, being purposefully and deceitfully dishonest, but as far as unambiguous lies, about the only big thing I can think of is his relationship with Putin. He has stated has a personal relationship and also that he does not know Putin, both, clearly, cannot be true.
> Pence, priebus, Spicer all liedThat's not even close to being true. They certainly *might* have lied, but they can easily claim to have been lied *to* by Flynn.Right now, the sole person who has definitely lied and is in deep shit is Flynn himself. Which is good, because he's one of the most unhinged people in the entire administration.
How beautiful would it be if the Trumpster Titanic could take those three down with it.
Yes, real journalism is that you find independently corroborating sources before running a story, and to repeat your point, *nine* people have corroborated it.    Of course, the people screaming fake news have no clue how journalism is actually performed and the significance of nine people is lost on them.  In their world, anything they disagree with is fake news.
Exactly this. We have to presure the absolute shit out of every Republican member of Congress
Is that true, though? Can the FBI just arrest a President for a criminal act? Especially one committed before he was President?
The dossier was raw intelligence i.e. not everything was ever going to be true. But the chances are pretty high that it's at least partially true as it was compiled by a reputable former MI6 agent. 
The dossier claimed two things, that Russia had salacious dirt on Trump to use as blackmail and that the Trump administration was working on collusion with Russia to interfere and influence the US election.All reports have stated that they have confirmed part of the report and that the salacious part isn't the one they have confirmed.
At least they're consistent. That's the kindest thing I can say about them.
Fox News already told me this morning there was nothing to this story at all. 
>Especially if they have information that connects further actors in the Trump team and the RNC.There's absolutely no chance that Flynn could have possibly been acting alone in this. His advisory position does not have the legal authority necessary to follow through on kind of promises alleged (and now confirmed) in this dossier. Nobody on the Russian side would have even taken his call unless they knew he was speaking for the incoming administration.This is actually the reason why Flynn, despite all the controversy, cannot be fired so easily. The only way he becomes a fall guy if he himself agrees to it. Because otherwise, if they dump him out on his ass without his cooperation, he can go to the press and bring this whole thing down on their heads by revealing just how far and deep this Russian thing goes.
Pence is responsible as well,  no?  Since I read that after Flynn was calling,  Pence was vouching for him.  
There have been some politicians who suggest that if there was proof of Russia interfering there may have to be a reelection. I don't see it happening and unfortunately assume justice won't be served, but if things really come to light it seems like it is a real possibility of a reelection. Who knows though, I don't see anyone on the right just going along with it rather than trying to bump up someone like Ryan.
Most articles and things I've read all seem to point out that this is just the first crack in the dam. There's more to come and it's going to make the travel ban look like a side quest.
But any prosecution of things found will either rely on the Attorney General or on Congress.Neither of whom show an inkling of trying to seek justice. 
Shoot, Flynn wasn't even the first guy in the Trump campaign that had links to Russia. Remember Manafort? Decades from now, the history books* will marvel at how many utterly disqualifying events were just passed over to get where we are now in 2017.(*Assuming that Trump doesn't ultimately win, of course. I'm trying to be optimistic and assume that we're not living in the darkest timeline.)
No, it'll sting the Trump brand. Republicans will no true Scottsman their way to 2018.
> Even in an absolute best case, this stains the entire adminstration.I'd say it's bad enough that they definitely shouldn't be picking any SCOTUS judges. Let the American people decide, not the Russian people.
Don't get me excited 
Prison is too good for these kleptocrats and traitors. There has to be blood for this! 
lol. They'll be pardoned at worst.
>There has to be proof that they knew what was happening and went along with it.They've all been briefed.  This is an insane issue, top of the deck for security briefings.  
[Fox](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/02/11/top-flynn-deputy-denied-high-level-clearance-off-nsa-team.html) isn't leading with it, but they do have a creamy article about it. 
Yeah I totally agree. Some people try to brush the issue off with that justification but overlook that it is in fact a federal crime.
Know puppet. Know puppet.
If you read his comment, it's obvious that he holds Reagan as some kind of deity. It was remembering Reagan's talks to enemies that made him cool down about Flynn doing the same.So you're pushing shit uphill trying to get him to recognize that what Reagan did was treasonous and illegal.
Technically correct yes. But does not change the overall arch of what i was saying.
You forget, or secretary of state and other friends of Trump stand to make lots of oil money.
>I'm doubtful that he lied about it to the VP and Preibus.Doesn't matter if Flynn privately did or did not lie to them.  Flynn will be the fall guy and has already been thrown to the wolves:> Pence was repeating what Flynn had told him directly, a source in the Trump administration tells the Daily News.
It isn't treason. But I see his point. A new administration was going to be in place in less than three weeks at the time of the calls. Objectively the issue of them talking seems trivial. 
As I said, I didn't agree with the decision but it would be Trump's anyway in 2 weeks, what's the real difference? Trump could have said something like, We will examine the issue in two weeks. <wink><wink> and accomplished the same thing as Flynn back-channeling this. 
I can see his point. The call took place three weeks before Trump took office. There was no undermining so objectively I see his point of the call being trivial.
I'd be dubious that Congressman or Senators would have any knowledge of what Trump staffers were doing unless they are received intel briefings about it. The stories from WaPo, NYT and MSNBC are all showing that the active searching through phone call transcripts didn't start until after they were tipped off by Putins very unusual reaction to the sanctions.  
Ooo what did he say?
What kinda balloon we talking bout here? Birthday? Retirement? Graduation? Helium? Hot air? Stretchy?
::covers eyes and plugs ears::  LALALALALALA!!!  YOU GUYS LOST!! GET OVER IT!!  YOU HAVE TO SUPPORT TRUMP!!!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!!  I DON'T CARE!!  MEDIA LIES!!  LALALALALA!! -Trump Supporter 2018
but her emails though.....
Pence has told lies on behalf of Trump's team, though. He can't claim total ignorance of the allegations and visible Trump improprieties.
>but then he also could still plausibly say he didn't know.If that is the case it means he either wasn't taking or wasn't paying any attention to security briefings.  
*I* knew about it during the campaign, sincerely doubt Pence was in the dark.
The difficulty with Trump is that lying requires some baseline relationship with reality that your statement deviates from.He's lying in the way that Gene Ray lied about physics on his defunct Time Cube website, or in the way that a random text generator lies.
On the one hand, this administration absolutely doesn't communicate amongst the different parts, so the left hand seems to not know what the right hand is doing *all the time*. So I'd be willing to believe that Pence only knows what Flynn told him, I suppose.  On the other hand, holy shit that's an entirely incoherent and incompetent way to try to govern. It's irresponsible to the point of being dangerous.
They're going to keep pence clean 
Ignorance is not an excuse. Pence and Trump could have independently investigated these allegations to avoid what's happening now, they chose not to for a reason.
There's no way Pence doesn't know. I'm sure he read the news and US government announcements. 
Pence might *have* been kept out of the loop, or he should *have* suspected what was going on. Sorry, I only point this out because your point is otherwise so eloquently written it jumped out at me...
Lets dispel with this fiction that Pence dosnt know what he is doing 
Pence had to be willfully blind. He was happy to ride the Trump train for a chance to enact his brand of Christian Fascism. He's culpable.
> Which is good, because he's one of the most unhinged people in the entire administration.As someone who was pushing the Pizzagate bullshit and clearly has Russian ties and is now Trump's national security advisor, this can't be overstated. 
Or he is just the fall guy.
But how can Flynn assure Russia of anything before the election is over and before he even knows what post he'll receive? Why would Russia take his word for it unless they knew he was speaking for either Trump or Pence, ie people who will have heavy pull no matter what?
Some Trump supporter said it was fake news because the sources didn't give their names and I tried to explain how intelligence community members need to protect their identity for their safety. He then said I was working for CNN.Trust me, if I could make money protesting Trump I would, but **that doesn't happen**
I get the feeling that the rabbit hole goes deeper and some of the GOP members are also in on this.  
No. The FBI can charge him, but he still has to be convicted by the Senate.
The truth is best hidden within a lie. The pee party on Obama's bed is the outlandish lie to discredit the other information.  My wild guess would be that this bit was intentionally circulated within the Russian intelligence agencies to get it to leak, that way they can also plug a hole while discrediting the real information leaked. Remember that guy getting bagged and dragged off a few weeks ago...
Snakes like Flynn are loyal to themselves and nobody else. If they can corner Flynn, decent chance he'll talk.
> Nobody on the Russian side would have even taken his call unless they knew he was speaking for the incoming administration.This! One can try to argue that Flynn could have acted without Trumps knowledge but it's not plausible to argue that the Russians would be making deals concerning interfering with a foreign election without the full assurance that if and when their interference bore fruit they would get positive results from the head of that administration. No way Russia would risk doing something like this without assurances that Trump would be on board after the fact.
> The only way he becomes a fall guy if he himself agrees to it.Yeah, but Flynn is an even-tempered, pragmatic guy, right?  Not likely to hold a grudge and lash out, right?  I mean, if the opportunity came for him to resign in a dignified way and move on to another career, if it served the public good, he'd probably do that, right?[Oh...](http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/the-disruptive-career-of-trumps-national-security-adviser)
That's a good thing, right? Revealing how deep this Russian thing goes?Well then! Somebody tell POTUS to fire this guy...
Until an apparent suicide 
we know for sure flynn was in contact during the campaign.  remember how around the RNC they changed their policy to avoid ukrane, or something?...........that means flynns communications made it all the way back to the RNC and their official platform.rotten to the core.
If Pence was at the briefing that Obama and Trump had way back in January then he has been lying to us well outside of whatever Flynn told him, mind you. But he's saying for now that Flynn lied to him about the nature of his call with RUEMB
The only way a re election would occur is if the pepole overwhelmingly demanded it through protests that snarled our cities and economy. It's not likely. It's further unlikely the republicans would ever legislate a re election even in the face of horrible damming evidence. 
If there's something big coming then all the unchecked leaks regarding White House morale and Trump's hypocrisy make perfect sense.  Think of it as the intel communities conditioning the American people to accept a real bombshell as best as they can. 
Carter Page as well. In the dossier it mentioned that Page was offered the brokerage commission on a $19B sale of a portion of Rosneft. Apparently his involvement in that deal fell apart when it started to look like Trump was going to lose. However a portion of Rosneft was recently sold for about $19B. That's a very specific figure, and the accuracy of that bit of info lends credibility to other accusations regarding Page. 
That's a tough row to hoe, honestly. He isn't what we stand for doesn't stand up to attack ads unless your record reflects standing for something else.
I can only get so hard
I feel like life in prison would be a worse punishment for him.
> using, empowering, and challenging a primary hostile foreign power to help himself and take down his challengeThat's *PRECISELY* what Reagan did when convincing Iran to hold the hostages longer.  So I think it does change the overall arc of what you were saying - you were implying that what Reagan did he did selflessly for the good of the nation, which is patently false. 
Yes good point, that too but not the US or its people. 
You can't make promises like these without approval from the top (i.e. Trump). This is the base from which the rest of the case will be built on.
Flynn was still a civilian during the transition
The calls began before the election, says the report. And during the same campaign, Russians directed by Putin according to US intelligence hacked the DNC to benefit Trump. Which is a big ol' conspiracy to gain unauthorized access to information systems in violation of federal law. Not treason, just a bunch of stacked-up normal federal offenses.
weren't thefe calls before trump was even elected?
Have you thought that the is only to be a single administration at a time?  Why bother with a transition?  Slippery slope here.  First two weeks is okay, then for, so on and so on.  This is why there are rules to all games.  SMDH.
Id say that's the definition of undermining if you have the future director of homeland security calling Russia the day Obama puts sanctions on them and telling them don't worry I'll take this all away when we get into office. It definitely doesn't seem right, but I don't know if it's illegal or anything. It just really doesn't look good.
Don't really remember now, something about how MSNBC sucks and that they only report stories that are about Trump, only stories that bash him. 
[This kind?](https://lifeelsewhereradio.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/time-brodner-trump-balloon-final-081215-700.jpg)
That's long for a bumper sticker, but tempting nonetheless.
You forgot to blame hillary for everything 4/10
Sadly, many of Trumps supporters are so fucking stupid that they actually are happy that Russia worked to get Trump in office etc. its so disturbing. 
He never said that.He never said that.He never said that.Any other year, the VP debate would have disqualified Pence.  It SHOULD have ruined his political career.  But because of Comey's October letter (which was either a Hatch Act violation or a very clumsy attempt to get in front of a rogue office in New York), it was quickly forgotten.
Or that Trump never even knew Carter Page.
Plausible and Believable are not the same thing. 
Was Pence receiving security briefings during the campaign, though?
>The difficulty with Trump is that lying requires some baseline relationship with reality that your statement deviates from.Yup, it's entirely possible, for example, that he honestly believes that climate change is a Chinese Hoax. Given has shocking ignorance with practically everything, it honestly would not be surprising. 
Time cube is gone? 
Hopefully he doesn't get off that easy. Either he is playing stupid and knows everything, knows something is going on but does everything to avoid it, or maybe he genuinely doesn't know about anything going on. Whichever one it is, I think it makes him unfit for office. If he doesn't know about anything going on, he is completely incompetent. This isn't a well kept secret, and the players we know are involved don't seem to even care about hiding things. We can't put any trust in a person who doesn't even know whats going on in his close circle. It would be as ridiculous as Reagan pretending to have no idea about Iran Contra, except he was at the end of his time when that happened.
Doesn't matter. There is so much shit in the air now that the stench will stick to him no matter what he does.
Can you keep Rex Bannon clean?
I absolutely agree ignorance is not an excuse, I hope Pence sinks with the rest of the Trump administration over this, however it isn't proof of *lying*. 
There were accounts of Flynn talking to the Russian ambassador, but the content of those conversation wasn't revealed until now. Pence agreed that Flynn talked to the Russian ambassador, but disagreed it was about the sanctions. Again, it will be difficult to impossible to prove that when asked by the media Pence knowingly lied. 
Corrected, thanks. 
Ha, no love for Pence, mostly just explaining why it's difficult to say someone is lying. I mean I think he is at a minimum being extremely disingenuous, but to declare someone is *lying* is both a serious allegation and one that also understandably comes with a high burden of proof. One which if not given will give weight to the Trump administration's suggestion the media is simply against him. 
Like I said in other posts, no love for Pence, happy to see him sink along with the rest of the Trunp administration should these revelations prove out to be what we all suspect/hope(?) them to be.
> But how can Flynn assure Russia of anything before the election is over and before he even knows what post he'll receive?The inference of pre-campaign conversations is that negotiation was to interfere with the election.  Not that Russia was guaranteed anything.
Exactly. Flynn is someone who's been out to build his own connections for his own wealth. If they have him by the nuts, he'll sing like a canary.
I think it's more likely that Trump's circle will set him up with a cushy job in exchange for him to keep his mouth shut, personally. 
You spelled snek wrong. 
Thanks. I've been trying to get the information.  I have been paying attention to all the Russia stuff since at least Paul Manafort was let go. 
If they turn on each other it will be glorious to watch
Well, the courts could have something to say about it.
nah it was a 19.5 % stake of rosneft, worth about 11 billion.
Never stopped them before. Just claim that at the time it looked like it was the best interests of the country, and they need to be kept in office in order to prevent those evil libruls from turning us into a socialist hellhole.
He's rich and can buy his way out. Just look at how the NY FBI helped install a russian coup government. They all need to hang for this. 
And my understanding is that the calls were not during the transition, but during the campaign. That's definitely treason. 
But again it was in the transition. And he didn't make a deal with them.  Outside of partisan talking points what is the real issue? Everyone knew the new administration was going to treat Russia differently. 
The video was about the calls that took place on 12/29. So that is all I was responding too. Not sure if there were other calls.
Have you given thought about the fact Flynn and Trump are completely powerless during the transition? All they did was talk. 
Man what if it really were him? He's active on twitter. What if he's in Reddit too?
I'd buy it
* Making Trump Richer Again!* Believe me.  I know. -Tump* I am your friend. -Putin* Alternative Facts for an Alternative Choice.* Richest Administration Ever?* Trust Billionaires.
The bumper stick is Fuck librals.  We one.
If it makes you feel any better, Indiana republicans are actively undoing a bunch of the shit Pence forced down their throats. At least by electing Trump, Indiana can work on going back to the way it was before he brought his evangelical nonsense in. Silver linings.
I was shocked his gay rights record never came up
For quite some time now. It is mirrored though.http://timecube.2enp.com/
Yeah, it went down about a year ago, going by http://web.archive.org/web/*/timecube.comYet another tragic casualty of 2016.
I wish I could make a video of gif to illustrate this point.  I would use the De Niro scene in Casino where he fires the slot machine hillbilly guy, but put Trump's/Pence's face over the hillbilly guy.
Right but they definitely want him as president, so they're going to pretend that he doesn't know of what is going on 
C'mon.  The Reps in Congress are bending over backwards to allow Trump to have his way.  Conway was counseled instead of having charges pressed.  DeVos was confirmed.  Warren was silenced.  Even McCain is inconsistent with his rogue-ness.Resisting Trump & Bannon, their agenda, the GOP and the corrupt portions of the DNC...all this MUST be continued through direct demonstrations and long-term planning.  While direct demonstrations have more immediate feel good impact rather than long term effect, they are loud, newsworthy, provide continual pressure against the GOP (and Dems, as needed), paint Trump/Bannon as losers (which Trump *cannot* stand, no matter how he tries to paper over it with lies)--*definitely* worthwhile when tied to replacing existing politicians.
They really don't seem to care about that anymore.  The standard is now, was he convicted?  Anything short of that doesn't count.
Probably 
What's confusing me is everyone saying how easy it will be to use Flynn as a scapegoat. Like how does the solo Flynn theory work? Four or five months ago, while having no part of Donald Trump's cabinet and representing no one but himself, Flynn gets in touch with the Russians and says it'd be great if you guys helped Donald Trump, with whom I am unaffiliated, win? Um ok? And then months later he calls a Russian diplomat and says tell Putin there's no need to go tit-for-tat on the sanctions thing, we'll remove the sanctions as soon as we're in power and Putin is CERTAIN that this will happen why? National Security Advisor doesn't just get to make this call on his own. So obviously he knows that Trump and/or Pence have already made a decision about the sanctions. But why would they do that if they're completely unaware that Russia has been helping them? It's not exactly a we must have a policy ready 3 months in advance kind of call. The risk of corruption seems so real that just moving on like business as usual just because we don't have 100% proof seems dangerously, maybe even treasonously negligent.
Flynn' life is in danger if Putin thinks he could expose Trump.
Derp >.<
It's a lot to keep track of. Like way a lot. 
The courts rule based on the constitution. There is no constitutional precedent for reelections. It would be a constitutional crisis. 
Yeah you're right. Pretty sure he was only going to get brokerage commission on the sale though, not the actual ownership share. Still a couple hundred million though. Either way that's some shady shit. 
I don't think you can buy your way out of treason once you're found guilty.
It says the calls were made on 12/29.
Ummm, the logan act. He was a not a representative of the US government during the transition. IF he was negotiating during this time he committed a felony. 
We don't know what was discussed on the call. Flynn may have been trying to make a deal.  All we know is that the intelligence agencies have the call and sanctions were discussed.
Here's the layout.  When sanctions were announced Putin had no response about the sanctions.  This triggered investigation into why Putin was being so calm.  It was then revealed there were calls from Flynn on 12/29.  Pence and co said sanctions were not discussed.  Further digging revealed that Flynn had been in communication with Russia numerous times during and BEFORE Trumps campaign.  We've got ourselves a Manchurian President.
Now he'll just do it at a federal level instead ...
Wtf am I looking at?
It only went down in *one* 2016; there are four simultaneous harmonic 2016s, and it's fine in the other three.Were *you* educated stupid?
You mean De Niro? Bobby D was in Casino, not Pacino.
Exactly 
Witness protection. He should consider going into it.  
Putin would never assassinate even a former American general to help Trump.  Trump is a useful idiot (or blackmailed idiot) to Putin. They are not allies. He does not love him. He has a desire for western democracies to become destabilized and their governments delegitimized.  Trump winning the election was the thing he wanted. Any extra damage Trump does is just icing on the cake.  He's not going to expose himself to risk to help Trump. 
This is a very interesting point.  I've been wondering what it would take to get the Republicans to actually consider the good of the country, but there doesn't seem to be anything.  But if Putin takes out Flynn then that might reach their sense of self preservation and get them to split with Trump.I'm probably being ridiculously optimistic.
It is, but it's important. 
yeah, so probably the 0.5% on that figure would go to him.  250 millionish.
You're about to find out just how far accountability structures can degrade from within over the next year. 
The 9 national security sources for the WaPo and NYT stories have stated that phone calls and texts were being sent between Flynn and Russian government contacts since before the election. This particular phone call was obviously after the election and was only looked into and discovered when Putins unusual reaction to the sanctions raised red flags.
The Logan act is an obscure law that no one has been convicted of since it was created in the 1800s.  It has been used as a partisan tool since its creation.  But if that is your reasoning then by all means.  EDIT: can we at least have a discussion on the Logan Act? All these downvotes and not one honest discussion about the act.
The articles from WaPo and NYT state that there are transcripts from the phone calls so it is known exactly what Flynn and the Russian ambassador said. The point they are making is that Flynn did in fact make a deal with the Russians telling them not to worry about the sanctions, that they will be lifted when Trump takes over.
Correct, and I'm not passing judgement until facts are out. But let's be serious, there's enough smoke to realize there's a fire somewhere. There's been far less evidence to outrage the right wing media over other topics yet all of a sudden we're being unreasonable when we think there's a tie between Putin and trump.  
I'm sure the intelligence community has a recording 
Yeah. I didn't say it was a silver lining for the rest of the country. :(
That sounds like an alternative fact.  Clearly I didn't put Pacino in my first post.../s
Where was Easy D fit into this?
Accepting for the sake of argument that Trump is merely a useful idiot and not a knowing agent turned by kompromat, if it suited Putin's purposes to have Trump remain in charge for longer rather than be exposed sooner then I wouldn't want to be holding Flynn's life insurance policy.
I believe that he can use his money to get out of being found guilty of treason but if he were found guilty that's pretty much it. Also even if he got out of prison living in a world where he's hated and disgraced is worse punishment for him than death.
I can just see it now: Trump uses presidential pardon on himself...
I was just pointing out that the video is specific to the conversation of the call on 12/29 and about the discussion of the sanctions imposed by Obama that day.
Not an obscure law, a well-known law that most people have been sensible enough not to break.   That no one has been arrested for the few scandalous times it was violated doesn't mean it's not a law. It doesn't mean the law does not exist for a very good reason, and it being violated is very serious.      I find it disturbing how devoid of substance defense of Trump are.  
The intelligence communities know exactly what was said and they told the news it had to do with sanctions but the public does not know.  That was my point.
I totally agree. I try not to assume anything because this story could literally lead anywhere. The one thing I think we can assume is the Trump campaign had contact with the Russian government before the election which is unprecedented and truly a cause for concern for anyone in the US.
Or Pence does, like with Ford and Nixon. 
And your feigned outrage is equally as disturbing. 
Fair point.
I find it disturbing you think people who care about Putin quite literally controlling and/or influencing our governmentand Trump cronies violating the law to do sois something I have to *feign* outrage about.  No, jackass, I'm actually pretty goddamned outraged because I'm an American, a patriot, and this behavior is asinine *AND ILLEGAL*.   Do you seriously care less about our country than you do defending Trump whenever possible? You guys never get to question the left's patriotism ever again. Shame on you. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She ain't mincing words:> Once again, I am calling on the FBI to investigate the financial, political and personal ties between President Donald Trump and Russia.  The American people deserve the truth.> President Trumps kowtowing to Vladimir Putin is endangering our national security and emboldening a dangerous tyrant. What do the Russians have on President Trump that he would flirt with lifting sanctions and weakening NATO?> The President and his National Security Advisor have given the Russians the impression that whatever they do, they are not to worry, because the Trump White House will not stand against their aggression.  General Flynn should be suspended and have his intelligence clearance revoked until the facts are known about his secret contacts with the Russians.> Republicans should be just as alarmed as Democrats at the mortifying coziness the Trump Administration has shown with Putin.  Congress must also launch an bipartisan, independent, outside commission to expose the full extent of Russias influence on the election and this Administration.
She should tell the FBI that this is somehow connected to Hillary's emails. Comey will get right on it. 
Historians are gonna have an *amazing* time evaluating Trump's Presidency.  And RAILING AGAINST every single Republican who knowingly looked the other way at a Traitor's Administration so they personally could ensure their own re-election.
More people should use the word kowtowing.
She's persisting.
Carter Page was in Moscow and said that Tillerson would be the next SoS before it was announced. But Trump said he doesn't know him even though he mentioned him at an interview. Manafort ,out of the blue, sent a memo to the Trump campaign one week before the election and told them to focus on the rust belt. 
Lock them up!!!!
The FBI is supposed to be working for WE THE PEOPLE, not the authoritarian demagogue Trump. The FBI needs to start a full-bore investigation now about all of the information in the dossier, including the sexual perversion, 'golden showers', and other alleged personally compromising material, [kompromat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kompromat), in the [35-page memo](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984-Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.html#document/p5). (In the memo, see p.1 and p.2 par. 3. about alleged personal obsessions, sexual perversion and 'golden showers', urination, by 3 prostitutes in front of Trump.)
Finally. I was getting tired of being treated like a tin-foil hatter every time I said, But, uh, Russians?
 Break out the Courvoisier  Let's corroborate that dossier 
I hope that pompous, arrogant bully gets impeached.
*It begins...*
Where's that old storms a brewin account?
Who is this statement to? Is this a copy of a letter that she sent to somebody? Can she not pick up the phone and call Paul Ryan or the FBI?
High energy!
Trump has small hands and a tiny penis.
I think it's hilarious the establishment dems keep beating this dead horse.By all means, don't look at the corruption in your own house that cost you the election.  Keep spreading this debunked conspiracy theory about sneaky russians.  The terrible democrat party is racing into the dustbin of history.  Hopefully whatever party replaces it isn't full of crooks and neoliberals.
So Democrats will keep their very own birther conspiracy theory alive throughout his presidency?  When they go low we go high lol
A letter should get it done. Good job, Pelosi. I bet a crowd is gathering at this very moment.
Not Accepting the results of the Election is a direct assault on our Democracy - HRCThe Democrats and their determination to delegitimize Trump are a bigger threat to America than Russia ever will be.  
It's a coup.  It's a coup.  It's a coup.
The man has waffled on EVERY SINGLE ISSUE except his undying love for Putin. Hello??? There's a very obvious reason for that. Trump is compromised by the Russians.
That reminds me: whatever happened of the investigation that McConnell was trying to avoid going into a *bipartisan* or *independent* committee so that he could just weigh in on it? Did it get quashed as he planned for it to?
If democrats had the majority he'd be thrown out by now.
Nancy seems very pissed.  I like this side of Nancy. 
Code word pizza. They'll go wild.
HRC's emails are inside the dossier!
*Jason Chaffetz's ears perk up from Utah,****Emails?!?!***
Comey would do anything for a kiss from Donald.
For bonus points, say there are Weiner pics.  Seemed to get the FBI ~~jizzed~~ jazzed before the election.
Assuming we do not become the Russian oblast of Trumpistan...
> knowingly looked the other way at a Traitor's Administration so they personally could ensure their own re-election.... so they can destroy Obamacare, Medicare, Social Security, EPA, etc. and ensure their own reelection. 
I'll not be kowtowing to your desires. I'll use whatever words i want
I like 'pandering,' it just seems sleazier.
Agreed!  Maybe Pelosi should file some bills.  Legislate. 
If people didn't illegally park their cattle, this would be a non-issue.
In conjunction with lickspittle
I mean, the was a peaceful really with millions of people embracing gender equality, how numb skulled can you be to kick out a senator and say something like that.
> Carter Page was in Moscowhttps://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/world/europe/carter-page-donald-trump-moscow-russia.htmlIt doesn't mention Tillerson.This does though.http://heatst.com/politics/carter-page-tells-moscow-rex-tillerson-is-secretary-of-state-before-trump-tells-america/Here's the video showing a slide saying Tillerson will be SoS.https://youtu.be/MEmg4DNVFSE?t=856
Source?
happy cake day
Congratulations on being a useful idiot. The dems are absolutely right to keep hitting home on this one. Treason was committed and needs to be punished.  
So looking for treason is beating a dead horse?  Kinda like emails amirite??
> debunked conspiracy theoryHey man, can you link me to some sources that shows that this has been debunked?
Yeah, that got us nowhere.  Prepare for a heavy dose of your own medicine. 
Except with actual evidence and sources. 
It's not conspiracy if government officials are corroborating.  It is, however, conspiracy to assume a brown man with a foreign sounding name must CERTAINLY have been born outside the USA. 
They go low and we blast them for going low.
Surely your comment is very effective.
You probably shouldn't be mentioning crowd-gathering as an unlikely thing these days...
Trump won the election.Trump should be impeached.Both are true.
Hillary's not saying anything about this. She accepted the results so I'm not sure what your point is. 
Look, nobody made Trump ask Putin for help.  Nobody (besides Trump) made Flynn call Russia and chill them out re: the sanctions, nobody made Pence go on national TV and lie to the American people about the conversations Flynn had with Russia.
Nobody is 'not accepting the results of the election'. That's not what this is about. Criticising something you deem to be wrong, not the election result; Trump himself, as a person, isn't harmful. Criticising someone's right to criticise is another thing altogether. I'm sure you agree.   
Yeah, the President should never be deligitimized, except for birthers, right? Was that a threat to America too? Sure didn't hurt Trump's electibility. But this is different because why exactly?
Wasn't a problem when Donnie was going around asking for Obama's birth certificate, now was it?I'm going to be smiling from ear to ear when tiny hands gets a nice big taste of his own medicine. He'll have no one to blame but himself. 
We're not saying that he didn't win the election.  Try again. 
Good thing we don't live in a democracy.
Yes. This needs to be internalized. None of this is normal. It's a collapse.
*No coup, no coup! You're the coup!*
chicken coup?
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. I mean really, try to stay on the track of reality. Flynn did some illegal shit and Congress (as well as us) should use every available tool against him, but the guys in power right now are there legally until impeachment. 
Good thing we had Debbie Wasserman Schultz working hard to win us all those seats during her tenure. 
A Benghazi special with extra cheese
imagine if the dossier had been in the emails. tho wikileaks probably would have stripped it out 
The missing emails
Well, if that come to pass, pretty sure l'll get killed after failing their loyalty tests...I can't even pass President Trump's loyalty test and that's for an American civil servant job.
> so they can destroy Obamacare, Medicare, Social Security, EPA, etc., *pleasing their millionaire and billionaire backers*, and ensure their own reelection.
You scoundrel.
I find your intransigence irksome.
It's a very classical way of calling someone a whoremonger. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandarus
Lol, let me know when you guys find a shred of evidence. So far everything's either been debunked or is just ridiculously unbelievable and depends on third hand hearsay from people who wouldn't have access to this kind of info, like hotel clerks..
Let's see. Debunked dossier vs actual evidence of crimes in the emails....Nice, not the same at all, amirite?
Yes please. Ive been saying this since we lost. Fight fire with fire. Except I'm willing to bet these pieces of shit can't take it.
So now you guys are no better than Trump supporters.  Welcome to the alt left.
I dunno about you, I'm organising a military coup on the basis of his comment.
I'm just so roused by Nancy Pelosi's passion and charisma. 
[deleted]
>Comment Karma:-100I'm sure /u/Hydro-therapy has some very good comments to share.
Yes, but somehow those can't both be true to some people.Nixon was elected. Nixon should be impeached.Both were true.
Pence did lie about Flynn's conversations, didn't he. We shouldn't just impeach Trump--let's just clean house. 
Name me a single GOP congressman or senator that called Obama an illegitimate president. Can you? 
I guess, I'm alone in saying that he *didn't* win the election.
Of course it's not normal. It's very hard to forgive people who mindlessly voted for this threat to American and world well-being... but we have to welcome every one who sees the error of their ways. We need them in this year's elections and beyond.
Doves coo?
Yes, I absolutely know what the word means.  It is often misunderstood that a coup is supposed to be sudden and/or violent.  That doesn't have to be the case.By it's broadest definition, a coup is an overthrow of the way things are governed.  That being the case, this is most definitely a coup.
He was in contact with Russia right around the same time that our current government was taking national security action against them. That's _extremely_ serious. 
LegallyOnly because they're the ones who would be in charge of any investigations into what their own voter suppression tactics accomplished. 
It's dossiers and emails all the way down!
Or just some copies of ones that have already been examined...it really doesn't matter as long as they are HRC's emails!
Seems a perfectly cromulent response.
There's also 'lick spittle' and 'quisling' and 'brown noser.'Take your pick!
Bullshit. You haven't been paying attention. Read the the [Steele dossier](https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984/Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.pdf) which [US officials have partly corroborated.](http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/10/politics/russia-dossier-update/index.html) This didn't come from hotel clerks. It came from MI6! 
Lol the neo nazis want ethnic cleansing. The left just wants to get rid of the piece of shit orange man. Think we're on the right side of history here
Please comrade.
Said the Trump supporter
1. What is the Alt Left?2. Can you provide evidence that there is no truth in any of this? 
Yep.  At least Nixon was competent.  
A kiddley divey too, wooden shoe?
By your admittedly broad definition, every election is a coup.
Zounds, lads!  Nonce I beseech thee; refrain from thy cap-a-pie fardel o' rebuttals or thou shalt haply incarnadine min cheeks from thine paltering.
Toady has always appealed to me. 
No. Don't be an idiot.  An election is a choice of the people, not an overthrow.Go back to your crib.
You and Grover Dill
> Go back to your crib.Come on dude, he was being civil. Lets try have proper dialogue in here.
This election was legal, certified by the governors and secretaries of state for each of the 50 states and the President of the Senate, Joe Biden.I'm not sure I understand how they pulled off a coup and then got Joe Biden to sign off on it.
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That is how it works in good countries. 
What's next? These free community college schooler's then transfer to 4 year schools to get higher level degrees? And then what they get degrees in science, math, arts...and then contribute significantly to society? Posh it will never work.(/s)
> The city will pay for it by taxes on properties selling for more than $5 million.The real estate transfer tax, as it's called, was increased last year for both residential and commercial properties. The hike was approved by voters in November.The tax starts at 2.25% and goes up to 3% for properties worth at least $25 million. 
Although I am sure Money.com considers this a bad thing, in any civilized society those with much can and should contribute to the future. If they do not you end up destroying the future of so many. These people should consider themselves lucky they weren't around at the time of the new deal as those affluent individuals were taxed at a MUCH higher rate than just having to provide for the schooling of some less fortunate individuals.
Because that's how taxes and free things work so we can make a better, more educated future? 
If it takes 4500 a month to rent a 1/1 in a decent neighborhood, it better come with some perks. 
I thought, by definition, you had to be rich to live in San Francisco...
Awesome 
San Francisco is opening free tuition to residents of one of the most expensive cities in the world.It's like a 4 star restaurant offering a free drink on labor day.
Of course only rich people live in SF now...  /s
Imagine that...getting money from those who have it. Much better than Red states who believe in getting money from those who don't have it. Economically and fiscally better idea.
I have no problem with this. 
Shout out to my hometown leading the way!
I love this .....this is the same thing that the ACA (aka Obamcare for those trump supporter out there that apparently do not know this) is doing...taxing the wealthy (AGI =>$200k)....this is why republicans are desperate to repeal ACA
Progress, not net progress, but progress all the same.
It's like charging them for water. They would die without it.
As a resident of sf and a moderate Democrat (here deemed as conservative in many circles), I love the idea but would rather we r we reduce spending elsewhere first. Our population is about 850,000, the budget for this year is.... Ahem.... $9.6 Billion
SF is a city for the very wealthy and very poor. No room for those in the middle income bracket
Sounds good. 
They can afford it.
This is a good first step. Next step is California needs to do this statewide.I'd really like to see a left-wing states rights movement where blue states establish free education and single payer health care and maybe, just maybe, some of the red states will take notice of how nice we have things and want some of it for themselves. Lead by example. :)
I'm sure all the millionaires in SF can afford it. 
Good.
good :)
Gooood
One state listened to Sanders. Hopefully more will follow suit when the ideas are tested. 
What I never understand about free college proposals (at least ones that offer free college for all majors) is...If you're going to redistribute wealth like that, why is college a high priority?Why not instead use the money on 1) healthcare, 2) housing?This was a big problem I had with Sanders. If you're going to redistribute wealth, why are you planning to prioritize giving college educations to young, mostly healthy people, when there are so many people in the nation who are worse off and have more urgent needs than college?Am I missing something?
Not sure how I feel about it applying to commercial property. I imagine even a small little shop could cost over 5mil in SF and that will hurt small business. It's more likely that they rent that property though so it may have no effect at all. 
While I'm not against this at all the more I read the more I wonder how much of this is a way to prop up SF City College itself.
Yay for having others pay for our expenses because we can't fend for ourselves!!!! 
Looks like somebody listened to Bernie...
As they should.
I still think there should be a fee as free stuff may get abused, making it cheaper/affordable, sure. Free, maybe.
Who lives in California who goes to community college?
I saw this crazy Fox News clip about this story- some lady who used to be on Mad TV argued that it would let lazy people go to school and just... Take classes without working... It really doesn't make sense. At all.
Good
The only potential problem is that students will probably flock there, because it's only the place with free college.This would throw off the math that they used to calculate costs.  That said, it would also add to the community's economy, so maybe it'll cancel out.Second, I'm glad someone's starting this trend- hopefully more people pick it up like the marijuana permissiveness.
It isn't free if somebody is paying for it.
Their source of tax increases, a 2.25-3% tax on high value properties, won't even come close to paying for it. It's such a small market that it won't provide a reliable source of funding.The reality is that the poor and middle class will be paying it through sales taxes and property taxes. Even if they're renting, landlords still pass the tax onto their tenants.
But who's gonna pay for it!?
Crank up gift taxation, arguably far more equitable than taxing income and sales.
Don't they know what will happen?  All the rich people thinking of buying in San Francisco will instead buy in states that welcome them with lower taxes, like Kansas and Alabama!/s
I don't like taxing the very top like this.  It's great in theory, but in the end you can only go to that well a handful of times, at best.  For a city to succeed, you need to have a populace that's all willing to accept a tax for the greater good, and not just try to dump the taxes on some minority that isn't them.  I'm a citizen of SF, and I would happily pay for free community college for SF residents because I know that will make the city a better place to live long term.
Good. They should get out of that shitty country while they can still do this sort of thing.
[deleted]
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you get rich people to move out of San Francisco.
I would sell my house for 4,999,999.99 and give a middle finger to the mayor. 
thank you for reminding me why i don't live in San Francisco
Why would anyone try to better themselves if they know their money will be taken by the government if they become successful?
>San Francisco is ***taxing*** the rich to pay for ***free*** community college.***Taxing***. ***Free***. Do you fucks need a definition of each? There is no such thing as a free lunch.
We don't live in a good country (for now), but we Californians live in a good state.
I don't know of any country off hand that has an additional property tax on medium to high value homes exclusively for the purpose of funding education.
I gotta move to Cali before it requires a greencard
Like Ireland! Where free education drives the economic power house of Europe.....oh wait. There's no correlation because economic growth and free-post secondary education.Look I'm all for reasonable access to an education but this entire free tuition powers the future is a load of bullshit circle jerked by students facing massive student loans to take unmarketable degrees. Guess what? We got here today without free education because eocnomic incentive drove demand for certain skill sets but there's simply no way the world needs more than a certain number of history, sociology or petroleum engineering graduates so why the hell should we pay for it?I agree we need to bring tuition back in line with inflation and ensure student loans aren't predatory but free tuition is not a win for anyone except studies without value to society. If you can't get a job to pay for it, why should everyone else?
lol @ this sub. ^ is considered upvote worthy?
It's so stupid, colleges are a known source of liberal ideology. Turns out education and bigotry can't coexist, so we should banish education! /s
And then they make enough money to be taxed and pay for the next generation of college students, effectively paying back their education. 
Right, you do realize a significant amount of students choose majors like psychology, art history, classics, that will never get them a decent job, yes?The idea that most of these students will choose STEM, finance, medicine, or other majors that allow them to be a contributing tax payer is naive at best.
lol its san fran- theyll probably get gender studies degrees, dye their hair neon colours and then burn down their own college crying about pretend nazis
get degrees in science, math, artsarts.
I like this!  If rich people want to gentrify SF then they can give more back to the community.
This seems like it could run into problems should something happen to the housing market
I love my city
3%? SOCIALISM. 
> and goes up to 3% for properties worth at least $25 million. http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/crying-money-woody-harrelson-zombieland.gif
and this creates a stable revenue how?EDIT: i asked a genuine question only to be served genuine downvotes. its ironic that this post places education as a high value to society, when using simple math shows that this isn't sustainable. that same simple math, one would get from the college. ah. i see why the downvotes.
> how taxes and free things work so not free.
You sound like a propaganda poster.When the rich leave the state, middle class Californians will start to foot the education bills.
Such as living in San Fran and not, say the South?
It's more like taxing the mega-rich and property investors.  Transfer tax on properties over $5m.  If you buy a mere $4m home, you are not rich enough to pay this tax.
Well to buy property now it sure helps. High CoL but also a high salary area.
or have rent control.
There is still a working class to the city. And it is expensive for middle class people, removing education costs is hugely helpful. Don't get your point.
There are lots of us whose families have been here for generations before housing prices exploded.  I know many people who would benefit from this.
why are you being sarcastic about that? it's a real problem.
They do....... everyone else lives outside the city sometimes commuting 1 hour . Even those with high end jobs usually rent a small space together. 
You should see our local tread on the subject. Lots of people seriously claiming that this won't benefit poor people because SF doesn't have a working class. It's totally nuts how much of a bubble some people in SFLive in. 
I'm not wealthy and my insurance premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed since Obamacare was implemented.  It's not just the wealthy. 
The ACA taxed the shit out of everyone earning a buck.  Rx prices skyrocketed.  Premiums flew up. Deductibles got huge. Medical spending account deductions got slashed.  All things the cost the non-wealthy thousands since ACA.  The premise of healthcare for all is fine.  But everyone needs to have skin in the game.  
I'm sorry but this attitude sucks.  A couple earning $200K living working in PA/Phll  with 2 kids pays over $50k in payroll and income taxes.  $4-$12 in RE taxes, parking taxes, sales taxes, dog license fee, hotel tax, went into plenty of school debt to earn it but make too much to benefit from paying the interest and can get a whopping $100 credit for $10k in day care. These people you are so hostile toward pay for this country to run, you don't have to be so hostile towards them while doing it.  Sam Seaborn for your viewing pleasure, please watch - he's as liberal as you can get in the show:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nzeJrXFttghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nzeJrXFttgWell, before the libs went off the deep end anyway.  I think Sam would be horrified by this crop.
Holy smokes, that's insane.
No way, bro. They're going to have to start getting their caviar with food stamps soon
[Good](https://youtu.be/ZTt-kfPvRks)
They're not mutually exclusive
Yeah pretty much all businesses rent. Also a small shop wouldn't go for $5M.
Yay! And we get training so we can get jobs and contribute to the economy!!!!
I went to Santa Monica College last semester. Very cheap and you recieve a few thousand dollars at the beginning of a semester for books,supplies, etc from California . I believe that involves getting a Governor's board waiver which any one who is poor or in the middle class can get
Well considering that most community colleges dont have dormitories, it would mostly just be locals that are flocking to those community colleges.  It probably wouldnt make sense for people to move there just to go to a free community college, considering how expensive housing in san fran can be. 
Owners of houses worth over 5 million.
Why is that more equitable? 
http://archive.woz.org/letters/general/78.html> The downside of this is that Sara gained $7500, I lost $7500, the government gained $7500 and the casino lost $7500. You see, I had to fork out the $7500 to my daughter and collect the winnings myself. But about half the winnings would be paid by me on my taxes as income, and other half of $7500 would be paid as gift tax for giving the winnings to my daughter (I'd already transferred the maximum yearly tax free gift of $10,000 to each of my kids).kind of stupid how the government took 100% of the winnings, even if it is Woz and he could afford it
I agree with you but this is one of the good reasons to go to that well. The long-term benefits of a better-educated city will pay big dividends down the road and ensure SF and CA are always ahead of red states and cities. 
For a city to succeed, taxes for education should be top priority, after healthcare and before infrastructure. The wealthy tech moguls in sf get this
The pipe dream that never actually happens.  Newsflash - SF wasn't a terribly tax friendly area well before this law passed.  And yet it houses one of the greatest concentrations of wealth in the world.  Explain that.
Yep just like how Google will pack up and leave due to taxes to go setup business in Texas or West Virginia.  It's not like things like availability of talent or desirability of location have anything to do with it!  /sThis is a brilliant move that will help these companies stay strong with fresh talent and stay in California.
That won't happen unless all the tech companies and venture capitalists leave and that is not going to happen.This tax is on selling/buying property worth more than $5 million so the reality is that foreign property investors will be the ones paying the tax.It's fitting that the people taking advantage of our solid real estate market while not even living in SF would be the ones that have to give back to ensure the actual residents of the city have options for their future. You can't plunder without giving back
But they're already in California. Aren't you kinda in it for the long haul of you're there at this point? 
[This Billionaire Governor Taxed the Rich and Increased the Minimum Wage  Now, His States Economy Is One of the Best in the Country](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carl-gibson/mark-dayton-minnesota-economy_b_6737786.html)
LOL. They aren't leaving. Unless you plan on moving Silicon Valley as well. We need to stop pretending we have to cater to the rich or they will leave. They aren't going anywhere. 
I seriously doubt there will be a mass exodus of rich people from San Francisco. 
So if you had an 8 million dollar home, you would avoid paying 200,000 dollars in taxes by selling your home for 3 million dollars less than it's worth?That'll show em.
Sell the house for that, then sell the land separately for the same.
That's not how it works.... 
What, you don't have $5 million to put down on a house?
Were you planning on buying a over 5 Million dolars worth house?
If a 2.5% tax on the sale of your $5M home makes you try less hard to be successful then you're a narcissistic fool. I would aspire to be so wealthy that a small tax helps send the less fortunate people of my community to college for free. I'd consider it a positive part of my legacy as a successful person. 
This is an attempt to tax the sort of people that are incredibly wealthy in a way where the change in their financial status will be hardly noticeable.It does not remove one's drive to be successful. You are still richer than those who need these benefits. If you can afford to own a 5m+ home then society has been kind to you. It's your turn to help give back a little.
What? Like, seriously, what's the thinking process here?I keep hearing all these ideas about how taxing people makes them want to give up, which are exactly the kind of excuse a lazy person would use for being a loser. If what's stopping you from making a million dollars is that the government will take some of it on the way, then let me tell you something: you are probably not millionaire material.
This is the dumbest argument I see all the time. If you tax the successful you take away the motivation. Guess what fool. If we tax the top 5% at a higher rate and they throw a hissy fit and take their balls and go home there is an endless supply of hungry innovators that will gladly step right in and fill that void. When we start taxing the uber rich that are making their incomes off passive money making bullshait while paying stupidly low tax rates and start putting that money in the hands of people who spend it everyone wins.  Tax those people and fix this countries infrastructure, spend it on free college, IDGAF just start taxing them because otherwise this economic system is going to eat itself alive. 
Is this supposed to have a sarcasm tag?
If you tie your self-worth to the money that you make, then you have bigger problems that you need to be dealing with.
Because they still have more money than if they didn't better themselves.If it makes you feel better, think of it as everyone is taxed at the highest rate by default, and the poorer people get a break because they're struggling or not at the top yet.Because really, what's a better description of the country: the top 1% are being taxed so much they're unmotivated, or the bottom 99% are struggling?
Yeah, fuck being a millionaire, I'd much rather make minimum wage and be taxed at a lower bracket!
Uhhh if I have to pay a little extra in taxes and I get to own a 6 million dollar home I think I can find motivation
This is the same problem the Soviets faced. They fixed it by forcing some people to work in certain fields, and assigned them posts at certain areas. 
It sounds like you need an education in context. Free always means free at the point of use. Everyone knows taxes goes into funding the system.
Holy fucking shit! I never realized this! Now I totally get it! GUYS! THIS PERSON SOLVED IT! AND ALL BY HIMSELF WITH HIS NEW ARGUMENT THAT HAS NEVER BEEN SEEN BEFORE! LISTEN TO HIM! HE'S THE ONE WHO FIGURED IT OUT! 
What, is it that hard to understand what that means? Gee I wonder if it means we tax the rich to subsidize community college so that students don't pay tuition?We all know what it means getting bent out of shape like that is like people freaking out when literally is used incorrectly even though everyone can tell by the context. 
Please start taking over other states im pretty sure you guys would make a great country
According to Trump supporters, we're tits up bankrupt and our state will implode when Emperor Trump pulls our federal funding. 
> but we Californians live in a good state.After living in California for 3 and a half years and Texas for 2, I disagree. Texas is soooo much better and I am a Democrat.
Your gun laws kind of suck but that might be about it. 
I'm glad then that we're leading the world in it.
There are no low value homes in SF. 
That's how California worked until prop 13 came along. The state then plummeted from best to worst in the country in education. I have no idea how anybody can see that as a good thing.
Any stamp duty based tax should be put in a special fund as revenues can dramatically fluctuate. Income taxes would be a safer bet.
The details shift but the overall concept remains the same.
If they pull of Calexit I'm jumping the border into Cali. 
Dude my girlfriend(college grad) was literally just telling me this earlier today, that her dad(hardcore republican) before she went to college that her liberal educators will eventually indoctrinate her with communist ideologies. And then joking called her a commie the other night. 
Outrageous! How does this work with the now that I got mine philosophy
Unless they choose classics, art, english, or a variety of majors that will not allow them to make enough money to be overall tax positive.
The ol' trickle up economics
Those are very important majors for a healthy society. I'm just saying. Medical student chipping in. 
I don't understand the problem with gentrification... it's simple economics. When a city become more productive more people move in buying the houses for a higher price do to competition. Do you want San Francisco to never grow? To stay the same and never have new people come in? Sure I feel bad for the people who have to move but it's simple economics.
Developers will just hold properties in a single purpose LLC and sell the LLC that owns the property to avoid recording a deed and avoid the higher tax. 
If there's a housing market crash so severe that there are no multi-million dollar properties on the market in _San Francisco_, the loss of this program is going to be the least of our worries.
There are only a handful of houses that this tAx applies to
Yeah lol this sounds like it could collapse overnight if that's its only funding source. 
The City. The City by the Bay. 
Concessions by the bourgousie in order to prevent the working class from siezing the means of production!
What the hell? By investing in the future of thousands of people, making them better educated and more suited for a modern workforce, which effectively reduces poverty and increases standard of living. Some laws generate money, some spend it...what's your point?
Your question sounded more rhetorical than genuine, as does your EDIT response. You got downvoted due to passive aggressively posing, not for asking a genuine question.If you really were trying to ask a genuine question, you need to practice communication better.
It means free at the point of service. For example, everybody knows that universal healthcare isn't paid for by fairy dust and unicorn farts. When we say free healthcare we mean free at point of service healthcare.Make sense? Now you can stop worrying yourself over that phrasing, move on to other things. 
[deleted]
It's not free to not educate people, either. Very high opportunity cost.
Right.  You keep waiting for that stampede of rich people from high-tax California to a low-tax utopia like Mississippi or Idaho.  I'm sure it's coming any day now!
> When the rich leave the state,Still waiting to see it happen. When will the rich all magically move to the middle of nowhere to rain money on the poor and uneducated jobless masses comprising the bulk of those states?
I am sure that anybody selling a home of over 5 million dollars can afford a 2-3% tax. And by that point your certainly not the middle class anymore. Maybe not rich, but certainly reasonably wealthy
The proportion of high income earners has only grown despite proclamations like yours for the past three decades.  There more to living than just taxes and money.
Okay. I think everybody is okay with this. Besides, the mega-rich will never leave California in droves. Places like California is where rich people want to be. Living there is the endgame, the reward for being rich. If they leave, it won't be for a deep red landlocked state, I assure you.
[This Billionaire Governor Taxed the Rich and Increased the Minimum Wage  Now, His States Economy Is One of the Best in the Country](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carl-gibson/mark-dayton-minnesota-economy_b_6737786.html)
You know what else isn't free? Living in a society surrounded by healthy, educated, peaceful, productive people who can sell you their labor and buy your goods and services.
I moved to CA from the South.  My rent is double... still worth it.
Ah! degrees of wealth - pointless - but important to someone!
Community college is hundreds of dollars per semester, not thousands because it's ALREADY subsidized.
I'm sure an associates degree will open up so many doors 
Because every place has poor people... And of course it is a real problem.... 
Yup. Get a decent house in Vallejo and take the ferry to work. Some people just like the claim of I live in San Francisco as opposed to I live Vallejo
Agreed - I'm a working class person in SF. My partner wants to go to college and now she can. She is *brilliant* and at 39, can finally do something that will mean the world to her and allow her to be more to the world around her. I'm very happy about it.Also, everyone I know here personally (dozens of people) is working class.
Absolutely ridiculous.  People who think this should go ask the kids at Lincoln, Washington, and Marshall if they would benefit from free tuition.  This opens doors for so many of them.
Only poor people think it's only the rich being affected. 
They were on a skyrocket trajectory before Obamacare. 
Increase in cost is not the same as a tax. 
> The ACA taxed the shit out of everyone earning a buck.That's an alternative fact.
They're drawing from the same well.
Yay, because that liberal arts degree will TOTALLY get you suuuper far in life!!!
In other words, people who can *afford* to pay a little extra in taxes without it impacting their standard of living in *any* way.Exactly the way the system is supposed to work.
How is that fair to them! They worked 100 times harder than those poor families why should they be punished for working hard!?/s
Because the majority of people will earn their wealth and be taxed out the ass, but a minority will be gifted their wealth (proper upper class) and sneak by under a more favorable tax regime.
I'm pretty sure that states like CA and NY aren't really worried about being ahead of red states.... 
[deleted]
If you think they're gonna buy anymore property then you are gonna be in for a rude awakening. SV is already moving to Austin and that will continue if our state government doesn't get its head out its ass.
That comment alone tells me he's not smart enough to generate wealth that would be required to own a 5mil home.
If I owned an 8 million dollar house, I would pay some lawyer smarter than I am on how to get around it. Believe me, there will be a way around it. 
genious
Yeah I'm sure that's how it works 
Also, that 2.5% tax is most likely deductible on your federal income tax. So the burden is somewhat spread with other citizens of the **country**.
Well then donate money to people who need it. That's just you, you would want to help people who need it. Not everyone wants to tho, so why have the government steal it from them. If I was wealthy I would move instantly that's bullshit.
>there is an endless supply of hungry innovators that will gladly step right in and fill that void. are they just waiting their turn?
It's a variation on the classic communism question. Why would anyone make an effort if they all end up with the same result?
> Free always means free at the point of use.no, not it doesn't. words have meanings. call it publicly funded, but don't call it free. 
The United States of California?Washington and Oregon and can come join with us
California already has almost the same GDP as the entire US did when Reagan took office. 
WE have an absurd amount of debt. But those are municipal bonds. In other words, their payments are in the budget. We have a surplus in the budget. In other words, we got said debt well in hand.
I keep hearing that but I know tons of people who were able to stockpile guns and ammo in the last 8 years. When people with two full gun safes complain to me about our gun laws I just laugh
But they won't stop you from hunting or shooting guns in ranges. You can still have fun with guns as long as they aren't fully auto. 
There are a shit load of people with guns in California
Yeah it's a good solution for cities that have enough of these properties but it really wouldn't work anywhere else.Hey it's a start.
Even worse than Mississippi though?
 Prop 13 is bad because commercial properties don't change hands as often
Buuuuuulshit. I will fight anyone to the death who wants to repeal prop 13, property taxes are rediculous as it is this would kill the middle class. We give plenty of funding to our schools arguably more then anywhere else. It's a corrupt administration to blame not the budget. Plus we give them more and more bonds every damn election. 
The best argument I've heard about the muh librul brainwashing centers is that higher education needs students to learn how to think critically on topics and when the right wing is spewing alt-fact it's pretty easy to see which one is more attractive to people that investigate fact and statistics.
I saw almost this exact mentality in a thread in The_Donald yesterday. Like top comment.
I don't understand, so now I am opposed. What's wrong with our jobs at the mine or at the factory? That worked for us in the good old days.
My old boss who was VP of sales making $150,000+ a year was a history major. You do understand that a college education is more than just your major right?
You price out homeowners that supplement a workforce for service jobs. It's not a good sign for a city built on the dynamism of its population. 
Grew up in SF. I don't personally have a problem with gentrification if we're talking about strictly improving streetscapes, more successful businesses, beautification, etc...The problem comes in when property values skyrocket faster than long-time residents or legacy businesses can adapt and they're forced to leave town or close up shop.In my opinion, a city that creates wealth for its residents is more successful than a city that purges itself of the poor and marginalized and replaces them with people who'd be successful no matter where they were.A city that brings in the poor and struggling and then exports successful people is better than a city that brings in rich people and shoves out the poor and struggling.
You have an economics > people mindset. Many people have the reverse.
Prices are going up because they aren't building houses and growing fast enough. Seriously San Francisco needs to be building giant skyscrapers at a much faster pace but instead the city is still blanketed in 3 story buildings.
The problem is that SF has been at a point where supply is vastly too small for the insane demand. San Francisco is starting to teeter on actually not growing anymore because of a mass exodus of young people who, no matter how much they work, could no longer afford a home for 20 or 30 years. That said, apartment and housing prices have stabilized in the past year for the first time in a very long time, so the effects are beginning to be felt.
I don't understand the problem with slavery, it's simple economics. If you're a person you're only valuable if you produce something! Well that or if you own property. So what's the problem with people who have no property being owned and being forced to be useful by those who do? It's just simple economics. You don't want useless people around do you?
Do you though? Do you feel bad for the people who have to move? Do you know what that's like, to leave a community? And is it really a community when people have to leave because of simple economics?
its tough to see how bad it is til you live through it.  your little corner sandwich place can't afford $8,000 a month in rent,  so you lose your sandwich spot.   its replaced with a wine bar or something you're less interested in.your friends (or maybe even you) can't afford a place to live so leave the area.   new friends that come can't afford the pricey places and live in the remaining shitholes.   they don't stay for long because of the living conditions.other newer people that come in hate institutions and traditions that have been there for sometimes a hundred years and work to destroy them.  in san francisco newbies have tried to kill the annual race across the city that's been happening for 100 years (bay to breakers)the effects are really similar to a neighborhood going down the tubes but without the crime.  someone might say hey,  rent is cheaper!  and you'd say yeah but all the things i like to do are gone and all the people have moved out.
Gentrification isn't a problem for the rich, it's a problem for the poor. It doesn't make poor people any less poor when a neighborhood is gentrified. Gentrification isn't an investment into a low income community, it's removing the low income community. 
> it's simple economicsWhat about humanity?
Where does San Francisco have left to grow? Besides bulldozing homes for skyscraper projects, there aren't a lot of empty fields for new development.
It's not about stopping growth, it's about asking the people who ended up with more resources to help the people without. That's how a society is supposed to work.
Small neighborhood businesses that once gave neighborhoods charm are getting priced out. Parts of the city are becoming homogenous nothings.
All economics has winners and losers. If the losers aren't taken care of, that's a problem. 
In Cincinnati, when they wanted to force poor (mostly black) people out of OTR, a public-private partnership bought all the grocery stores, then closed them.  With nowhere to buy food, yea, people left. They made a food desert on purpose. So progressive. An ~80% black neighborhood became 80% white (many progressive hipsters). In other countries, they call that ethnic cleansing. Because you don't have to kill them, you just gotta run them off for it to be EC.  So no, it's not just economics. Just one example. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/06/what-works-cincinnati-ohio-over-the-rhine-crime-neighborhood-turnaround-city-urban-revitalization-213969
It's not simple economics it's unregulated CAPITALISM. That's why Trump won, all those resented white people that voted for Trump voted for him because unknowingly to them they were not prepared for the new capitalistic market. It's the reasons we are having problems with health care.  We have to inject a bit of empathy into out judiciary systems and economic systems. Make them work for people not only for extreme competition and financial gain.  This is not a really popular opinion but it's slowly getting there. 1 out of 4 children grow up without learning how to read. 45 percents of Detroit adult population are illiterate. In Tennessee it's around 14 percent. Idk,  Americans have their priorities all wrong.  Edit. You people are actually inspiring me a medical student into entering politicsAnd I hate people... 
San Francisco can't grow the way most places do because it's on a peninsula. It can grow vertically, but that's a lot harder and more controversial. 
The problem is generally the ones that do the gentrification are white people hence by nature of whites being involved it's bad. Downvote all you guys want that's how it seems.
Actually in SF this applies to quite a number of houses
thats even worse since it requires the house to change owners.
Ok. But until that time, it works. 
Especially since if the economy collapses enrollment in free community college would likely skyrocket as many people find themselves unemployed.
That's right! Those damn bourgeoisie better start concessing a bit more too. That means of production looks pretty seizable right now.I want more public transit.
so no, you wont answer the question either? how typical.the original question was too triggering really? in one sentence what would be a non offensive way to ask this question in the hopes of getting an answer? where exactly did it go wrong?
Nobody with a slight understanding of universal healthcare will say 'free healthcare'. Just like no educated person will say, 'this $800 a night hotel room comes with free wifi', they say 'this $800 a night room includes wifi'.
Free for those without jobs or those who can't earn enough to afford basic healthcare. Those of us that do earn enough just end up paying a much higher price. Hell my family is on the lower end of middle class, why should my cost and premiums skyrocket to help those that barely contribute? 
You know what else isn't free? Living in a society surrounded by healthy, educated, peaceful, productive people who can sell you their labor and buy your goods and services.
the classic its mine because i want it. got it. now can you show me the math that says this tax can sustain this program?
Especially when a huge percentage of the people getting the 'free' education will most likely major in something they will earn 30k or less. Or they won't ever graduate 
Funny thing is, I did the math and as someone making $85K/yr I'd pay less in state income tax in CA than I do Idaho - and of course I pay the top tax rates in Idaho since they start at just over $10K/yr in income.....
They're already leaving in droves for Austin, Reno, Boise, Phoenix, Vegas, etc.http://money.cnn.com/2016/11/04/pf/people-moving-out-california> About 5 million Californians left between 2004 and 2013. Roughly 3.9 million people came here from other states during that period, for a net population loss of more than 1 million people.http://www.sacbee.com/site-services/databases/article32679753.html
No you see Silicon Valley will just hire the swaths of unemployed programmers who are sitting around in these low tax utopias right next to all the Americans who can't wait to harvest crops for minimum wage or less.  There will be so much trickling down you'll get tired of all the trickling.  
What do you think corporate inversion and offshoring are? it's been happening for decades
Someone with a $5m home is rich.
It opens up a door to transfer, which the UC system is great at accommodating if you want a bachelor's. And an associates can absolutely open doors.
City college offers a lot of good computer science courses that can either 1) get you a leg into a UC or 2) get you a pretty decent job. 
I see this sentiment a lot, I don't think it's true. It's more like. I like to walk places/bike to work and have lots of things to do, and dont' want to drive around to strip malls 
I would love to take a boat to work every day!
Yeah I rented a room in a house in Vallejo about 5 years ago.. The guy who owned it worked in Mill Valley just outside of SF .  I think the house was 220k or so.. It was a big 2 story house 4 bedrooms a nice yard and backyard and pool.. It was in the suburbs of vallejo too not the more ghetto part.. That same house elsewhere in the Bay like Marin County where he worked would be probably over a million dollars.
No joke. I'm that thread I explained how much this will benefit my upstairs neighbor and my partner, both of whom have never had an opportunity for higher ed and barely make ends meet. 
So is literally every government action
Personally, I'm banking on all that sweet sweet coal mining money that's sure to return thanks to Trump! WV here I come!
Community colleges generally go for vocational stuff, don't they?
Wealthy people are against this not because they can't afford to pay but because they don't want to pay, they don't believe it is their duty to pay for the education of other people's kids. It's all just a matter of opinion. 
With a trend like this they should all stop working so damn hard.
The poors should be happy with the scraps we throw them from our verandas...why ever would a poor need an education when theyre future will only be to grant the desires of the meaningful citizens of this country. 
Are you serious with this?  You make no sense.  Why the fuck is everything about race.
California gives more money to the federal government that it receives in return.
> It's just a microcosm of the CA economy as a whole. Sure it's nice and big, but it needs constant life support from the Federal Government, without which It would be a complete hellhole (parts already are).So... in your eyes, a state that on its own is one of the largest economies in the world, and only receives 78 cents for each *dollar* is pays in to the federal government is in need of constant life support?Does. Not. Compute.
Wow so someone's going to move out of the blue to SF, pay a much higher cost of living, etc. etc. for multiple years just so they can go to *community college* for free. And the average software engineer is going to be affected by a multi-million dollar home sales tax, so they'll move to the thriving tech scene in Nevada. Oh and on top of that, CA is going to need even more federal funding when it currently takes in net negative from the fed.Sounds like you really know what you're talking about! 
California contributes more to the country than it takes in federal funding. Sorry, didnt mean to break your narrative.
You are living in a world of alternative facts.
I work for a tech company based in Austin. SV is not going anywhere anytime soon. That does not mean that place like Austin, Raleigh-Durham, Dallas, Seattle, and Boston will not continue to grow and produce more technical companies but SV is SV. Educating the populous is not government with its head in ass. This is actually one of the better uses of tax dollars.Edit: It should be noted that SF and Seattle have strong Asian communities and a good portion of the top technical talent comes from Asia. On top of that, you have Stanford and Berkley (not moving ever) and Goolge, Apple, Oracle and the like that are not leaving. 
Well, I could say the same thing about the government stealing my money to fund a bloated military. I'd rather have my taxes go to helping people than have it go to killing people.
Then move. You're only getting taxed when you sell a property so it's a perfect time to buy a new house somewhere else. If you're selling a $5M+ home, you probably already own a few houses anyways.San Francisco has no shortage of incredibly wealthy people and can afford to lose the ones who aren't willing to support their community through this tax initiative. Meanwhile, the kids who get free access to college and become more productive members of society will fill in the gaps the wealthy people who left will create.
But you're not and never will be so this doesn't even apply to you. 
And if you moved someone would gladly take your place. SF isn't begging for people, we have an incredible demand to live here.    Also the government has the explicit power to tax the people and should do it in a way that brings positive externalities to the population. Taxing the rich higher doesn't stop them from being rich and living the most privileged life in society.
It's a lot easier to invest and capitalize on a void in the market than it is to capitalize on an already largely saturated market.If I want to open a coffee shop, but my town has 10 of then already, that's a bad investment.  If 5 of them leave, it is suddenly a better investment.  This is a motif you see play out in all sorts of different scenarios.  The world doesn't work like Atlas Shrugged.  The innovators and industrialists aren't going to all get up and leave, dooming the world to poverty and economic collapse forever.  Markets are an evolving entity.
Yeah, I understand the question. It's been around for a long time. I was trying to gather if you were seriously asking that question, or if you were being sarcastic. If you were being sarcastic, I can ignore and move on. If you were serious, we could have a discussion.
see the problem with this question is you're not playing devil's advocate. you're playing devil's idiot.
Communism is not the same as socialism. And the best example of socialism working is the NFL. The rich teams of the NFL share with the poor. There is a minimum amount each team must spend on player salaries. There's a minimum each player must be paid. They have a draft wherein the worst teams get to pick the best players. Heck, they even have a cap on how much a team can spend just to ensure the rich teams don't buy their way to success at the peril of the poor team. How's that working out?
Let's  say taxes are 50% if you make 5 million a year. Taking home net 2.5 mil. Now add 3% tax for the betterment of everyone's future, that's still 2.35 mil they're taking home. Oh the horror! No one will ever want to be successful if they can only take home so much. /s
>no, not it doesn't.In this context, it does.>words have meanings.Indeed. And when you go to school and aren't charged tuition, that means it's free at the point of use. It's free.>call it publicly funded, but don't call it free.It fits, so I'm going to continue to call it that.
[Maybe we can let you join with us ;)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascadia_(independence_movement)
Maybe Nevada and possibly Hawaii could get on board with us too.
Can Las Vegas be California's Macau? Pretty please let us join you. 
We can't separate from the United States. That's exactly what Putin wants to he can pick us off when we're separated from the herd.
Can you guys take Chicago too? The rest of Illinois is basically a red state but we're pretty cool. We have hot dogs.Also, stealing a Trump tower would be some pretty great BM.
That makes sense I suppose 
The new gun law that went into effect regarding 'assault weapons' with features like a pistol grip, flash hider, and collapsible buttock requires that they have to be registered to the state. I can see that, but the law also goes a step further and prohibits any of these weapons to be passed down once the original owner dies. It has to be turned over to the state. The CA assemblyman who introduced it said this is to ensure that these types of weapons can't be used by criminals and terrorists like the San Bernardino shooters. I don't really see how this solves that problem.   
It really isn't about count but being able to have the kind of arms you want. Those people were probably complaining about features they wanted but people think look too scary.
I'm 100% sure that gun sales have never been better than the last 8 years, due to unfounded fears. I wonder what they will think of to keep the momentum going?
It's insanely difficult and expensive to get a full auto firearm anywhere, not just California.The top gripes worth discussing about Cali gun laws all surround the feature based restrictions, as most of those restrictions are irrelevant to the danger actually posed by the firearm. If Cali was satisfied with tighter background checks, waiting periods, targeted taxes, or actual capability limitations it would be one thing--I can see the argument for those things.  But the asinine cosmetic limitations are just bizarre. 
They ban plenty of other features that have more to do with how scary a weapon looks than a class of weapons used in crime. Stuff like pistol or forward grips on rifles. Anything that can hold too many rounds or certain features that are ok on other weapons but not shotguns.They really only increased restrictions on NFA weapons such as full-auto. Very few citizens have legal full-auto weapons in any state due to their manufacture and import for civilian sale being banned by the 80s. Other NFA features require registration with paperwork and fees (nationwide; banned in CA) with the more common ones being for suppressors or shorter-barrels.
Oh I figured as much 
SF wasnt always expensive, and there's no guarantee it will stay that way.They're gambling that home prices will stay stupid high, which only works as long as there are enough suckers.  Once it levels off or drops, so does the tax revenue and this plan goes to heck.
It's actually an incredibly stupid solution. The housing market is not a sure thing, and neither is the tech market, which props up the housing market right now.
No way I buy that California was worse than Mississippi 
yeah people should really take a step back and realize this isnt some kind of bias and that when the experts in many given academic fields tend to be much more liberal than the average voter, we should just do the math and realize that they might be on to something here
> My old boss who was VP of sales making $150,000+ a year was a history majorwhich means if he didn't get that education he would probably STILL do the same job just as well since his education had nothing to do with what he's doing
If you price out service workers, then the costs of services (and goods which require those services) increases.So the market eventually stabilizes.  The BIGGEST problem is when it happens to fast.  That's what's happening to SF now.I have NO problem with growth.  The problem is hyper-rapid growth as there is no time to adjust. (I'm a business owner who moved OUT of San Francisco btw. ) 
The irony is that the poor and middle class protest against construction is the real reason why San Francisco is so expensive right now. Let the city build and grow. It's simply demand and supply. All these people protesting against people coming to San Francisco to get a job... They call themselves progressives... They are really no different from Trump supporters that want to kick out immigrants for taking their jobs and housing. 
You price out homeowners?  Here is the issue - who is you here?  It's not like there was some secret meeting where people decided to raise prices, and if you complain they'll just undo it.  More people with money want to live in SF, and since that is the case prices will naturally go up.  There is no example I know of of a city successfully stabilizing rent/property prices against the grain of what the market wants.  All this complaining about housing prices, but there's literally no workable solution to market dynamics.
It's got nothing to do with '>'. Economics is (loosely) the study of how people's behavior , interacts with how goods and services are exchanged.This is like someone saying If you drop a glass, it will shatter, and getting the response You have a hard surface > glass mindset. Many people have the reverse.
Uhh economics just tries to explain how things work, like any other science.  Nothing about economics says anything about being better than people.
Check out the comments here/below by searching building. They are against it. Not part of the charm. Damaging property values. Will bulldoze exising homes of people. Sucking in general. This has been an ongoing issue for years that whenever you brought up here on reddit, there will be people passioantely against it for various reasons.
Let's flip the script and make the people with property slaves to serve the poor... Oh wait, they are already doing that through taxes. It is in the article.
Are you seriously equating gentrification with slavery?
Don't know what it's like but if someone can't pay rent they can't stay there... they arnt being pushed out because of their race or sex. Their is no bias. They are being pushed out because the wealth of the city is increasing and they arnt making enough money to keep the rent going.
Sure but how do you stop the price increasing of rent? But how do you propose stoping the increasing price of living in cities without stagnating the economy or bailing people out? 
You touch on an oft' overlooked aspect of gentrification, it doesn't  just displace individual people, it destroys whole communities. 
The problem is not SF per se. Lots of people live outside the city in the Bay area where the housing density is hilariously low. I just think it's ludicrous that an area like the Bay Area, with its economic output, absolutely refuses to build high density residences that are several floors high. Boggles the mind. Literally no other major metropolitan area is like this. 
Hunter's point?
Taken care of to a extent sure. But stunting growing cities doesn't help the losers either 
Yes, what they did was wrong because they forced the people out by making them practically starve. However they did it kick them out because they were black they kicked them out because they wanted to make more money. What they did was not the right way to do things and is ethically wrong. However lf someone is willing to pay more the people reviving the money are going to take the higher bidder. Injecting more wealth into a economy eventually helps people who are economically disadvantaged because they will have access to better schools. Idk what they did was wrong, but the fact that they were black and the new people white is mainly irrelevant. It's about the money not the race.
Trump won because Clinton was the worst candidate to ever run for president (other then trump). She lost because she was not a progressive and doesn't actually care for the people. Not that trump does but people see something in trump that isn't there. 
Not anymore. Now we are looking at wealthy people from China buying up real estate  
Enough with the white genocide bullshit. This has nothingness to do with race
I live I pittsburgh where there's a 4% transfer tax to every home. But there aren't 10,000s of homes worth more than 5mm. There's a handful, but those housing markets in the upper tier are always volatile when things hit the shitter. I work in CRE and it has an impact on SF deals we work on. But I'm sure both buyer and seller split the tax. 
> But until that time, it works.that is your argument? honestly? applying that same logic we should burn fossil fuels and rape the environment, because until we make earth unsuitable for human life, it works. Bravo.
[deleted]
Do you have evidence for this? Why would they do that instead of enrolling in online courses, which actually may be better if you are looking for a job.
This is why you keep getting downvoted
Well, I don't know many people who pay $800/night for a hotel, so I can't comment on that. I do know that most people aren't pedantic, and understand that free wifi means included in price, and don't make a big deal about it. I also know plenty of people who, when talking about universal healthcare, refer to it as free for ease of conversation. I live in a universal healthcare country by choice, and I also know $800 is far too much for a night at a hotel, but I use the word free to mean at point of service, so I guess my education isn't working out for me. 
I don't know how to explain why you should care about other people.Theres a lot been written on how universal healthcare is actually cheaper per person, and how it makes everybody more productive.But whatever, I know Americans are too selfish and afraid to create the best damn universal healthcare system in the world. That's why I left. My wife and I are no longer contributing to America, and neither will our child.So go on paying more for less. At least a poor person won't be able to see the doctor, and that's what really matters, right?
I live in SF, and have known plenty of people who left the area.  Every one of them left because they were priced out.  Not because of taxes.  It is simply a conservative pipe dream that people choose where to live based on a few percentage points difference in tax burden.
Coal mining and snorting oxycontin is basically the same thing as building software right?
Exploiting tax loopholes.  There is no company if there is no product and there is no product if there is no education or workforce to produce it.  This is why the fantasies of these companies leaving to chase the lowest tax rate is a lie.
That's true! I use to date a girl who lived in downtown Sacramento and any night we have nothing to do, we'd just walk for a bit and always find some thing to do. It was great to know that option was always there, especially for food. Then again, San Francisco is like New York in that there's a lot to do but feels overwhelming with limited in transportation.  
Ferry for late spring to mid fall.Subway for winter!I do it for my commute into Manhattan and it's a great way to start the day.
Best part about taking the ferry is they have a tiny food area so you can buy a bagel or donuts with coffee while on the water. 
That sounds about right. A friends aunt died and left her SF house to the family and it's likely to be sold for around 3 million. Vallejo has some amazing neighborhoods, like near Mare Island has some great houses.
Right, hence is why OP proposed prioritizing healthcare and housing.
It's an honest days work, do liberals have a problem with an honest days work? 
I mean they're already shelling out 50k a year in property taxes which pays for education so it's pretty shitty to say they don't want to pay for education when they pay way more than you and i
Which is selfish since wealthy people used society's resources to get where they are. I make more than average and I'm proud to pay a large amount of taxes, wish other people would feel the same. 
No the poors need to work harder! If they worked harder they'd make more money duh! All they have to do is get a better job!/s
Race?
People are moving to Texas instead of staying in California because of the absurd taxation rate. Public education is garbage and now California wants to make community college high school 2.0? lol degrees would also be worthless if everyone has them. It would no longer be higher education. This will prove to be an utter failure.SV is gonna be gone, the rich are steadily leaving California, it might not happen overnight but it will happen. 
I would prefer they go to neither.
Why won't I be? I'd really like to know why. You must know me personally or something.
the mental gymnastics.
Cashington sounds better
I think Hawaii would prefer to be Polynesian than Californian, but we can be friends.
I love Vegas so yes
You have to get rid of Adelson
I think I'd be more worried about the rest getting picked off.
I can't really see how those things that supposedly aren't dangerous are such a big deal to add to a weapon.
I'd reason that it would be better for a heavily modified rifle being given to the state for proper disposal rather than to some guys kid or nephew who could turn around and sell it on ebay to whoever pays the most isn't a bad idea. 
Yes, I hear people complain they can't buy 50 round magazines and they don't like having to wait to buy guns or have background checks and other minor inconveniences that have resulted in them creating entire rooms in their homes or barns devoted to firearms. I agree that there are some laws that are really ridiculous (like only being able to carry one box of shells when hunting at the refuge) but for the most part people in California are able to enjoy owning firearms and participating in hunting and shooting sports. I'm not going to cry about them not being able to own a machine gun. The real problem I have is that so many people in this state were willing to vote for Trump and other Republican representatives because of this single issue that really isn't limiting their right to own firearms; while the party is promising to cut social security, cut Medicare, and enact other harmful legislation that will impact them negatively in other ways. Its kind of crazy
Yes it has been, not at the levels of late but it has always been expensive when adjusted for inflation. Homes like this will not be going away
SF however, like NYC, will always have homes like these.It's a safe market for what we are doing
Agreed.  Unfortunately a LOT of govt spending is based on property taxes, which is why the govt and banks do their best to prop up prices instead of allowing the market to determine their real value.
Eh, it doesn't bother me. I'm happy to pay my fair share as long as it helps the community at large.
Nothing is a sure thing.  But you work with what you got, not what is perfect.
We appreciate your optimism.
Also, as I understand it, San Francisco has very little high density housing.
Only the poor do that? Pretty sure the rich people with the nicest views want to keep their views (and property values) pristine.
there have been small protests about evictions of elderly disabled people.    is that what you're talking about?   evict the 100 year old lady so the city can grow?
> You price out homeowners? Here is the issue - who is you here?Would you have preferred 'one'? Or 'we'?Your response seems engineered to sound smart and condescending but had no substance whatsoever.
The city I live in seem to do fine and that's w/o zoning. Maybe that's the problem? I live in one of the highest valued zip codes in the US and I maybe make 1/5th of what these people around here earn. 
So wait, in this analogy, a hard surface is economics, and people are glass?That's not helping your case. Economics isn't simply people's behavior. It (microeconomics at least) is the specification of game theory to a system of rational actors operating under scarcity assumptions. Macroeconomics is post-facto rationalization of people's behavior, but degrades into tribal/ideological factions the longer you look at it.The whole point is that unlike a glass, a person is a person. They're not rational. They live in many very different contexts. Now that markets have largely globalized, the experience of one person will never be enough to actually pass judgement on a system of millions, spanned dozens of sets of cultural expectations. Remember that markets have historically been championed as loosely intended to accelerate and facilitate the distribution of goods and services, that is, to provide a collective benefit to *people*.
his answer was actually perfect....you just can't see it.
> wasn't intended to indicate better. It's intended to indicate prioritization. We have in this country a popular mindset of doing what is best for the economy (read: the financial sector) is doing what is best for people. 
He's mocking the pseudo intellectual response, not equating gentrification to slavery. Keep up.
No, he's making fun of the argument of 'because economics!' as if economics is God.
Fuck off back to voat.
The town I just left because it's not worth paying to live in anymore is going to see a bit of simple economics when people can't afford to work in their shitty-paying service-industry jobs. There's already zero sincere feeling of community, and even what's now faked is going to be eroded as people who cook food etc. move onward.
I'm just telling you that it's not good.   I'm not a master of solutions for it -- I think there are some but the cities have to really try.   They make efforts but aren't really interested in fighting 5,000 mini-Trumps each trying to find a way to beat the system.And each of is a little bit of a gentrifier.   There are some run-down neighborhoods that are full of trash and don't have even a single grocery store.  I think these do need more amenities, but the people living there are probably fine with the situation.
NIMBYism and my views of the city will be ruined!
It is part of the charm. And it's the will of the people, so why not?
Well it is slightly more effort to make big high density towers earthquake resistant enough for San Fran. It's not impossible, but its more work than it is in other regions.
we had some towers.  outsiders said they were awesome.they sucked and we tore them down.   you still see a few here and there,  usually an eyesore in mediocre condition.they're coming back now,  but only at the high-end.   towers for poor people are over.
She was actually OK, you just got tricked by memes. https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/meme-warfare
Have you checked with the demographic breakdown of neighbors before and after gentrification? What do you think those numbers mean?
Actually in SF there are tens of thousands of homes worth more than 5 mill.
lol are you really comparing Pittsburgh to San Francisco to show how there arent a lot of multi-million dollar homes?
Yes, because finding a way to educate poor people for a couple of decades is exactly the same thing as strip-mining the world. Well-argued. For that matter, why bother eating the food in my fridge? It's just going to spoil eventually anyway. And if I eat it, I'll have to buy more. It's a no-win situation, amirite?Don't let great be the enemy of good. If you have a better way to provide free college, would you mind sharing it?
If the funding for this project fails, we just go back to how it was before it existed. 
Yes, California should strive to be more like Mississippi. Rather than try to find solutions and constantly work to make things better, just slide to the bottom of the heap. You've convinced me. 
That article makes more of a case for his statement than yours.  Brown is reacting to a projected deficit, and attempting to fix it by making cuts.  Thus, it worked until it didn't, and now they are reacting appropriately.You seem to be making the argument that someday they may not have the money, so they shouldn't do it.
http://news.stanford.edu/2015/03/06/higher-ed-hoxby-030615/
so no, you wont answer the question either? how typical.
Well but this article isn't talking about prioritizing college over healthcare
Hmm, it does sound hard. Maybe I should aim for a place in one of those New England textile mills that I also hear are on their way back.
Just because they pay doesn't mean they want to pay. In fact, few would if they could get away with it.
The use resources not just to get there, but to stay there as well.
> Which is selfish since wealthy people used society's resources to get where they areNo such thing as society's resources
Wrong. The concentration of talent here is such that it's the absolute best place for tech companies to recruit. Particularly for startups, where talent is critical to success, we're not gonna see emigration anytime soon. This, in addition to the education system and quality of living, attracts and produces even more talent. SF is orders of magnitude better than a city like Houston in terms of tech talent. You can't understand the gulf unless you've tried hiring for or starting companies in tech, and compared the experience across states.I've worked in startups located in CHI, BOS, NY, in addition to SF, and nowhere compares. It's similar to the huge concentration of financial firms and talent in NY. Progressive tax policy didn't push them out either. I'm curious what experiences make you believe your position.
Define what you consider absurd? CA is addressing the public education issues and community college is a relatively smart stepping stone to college. Cover most of your General Education requirements and spend your last two years at a traditional 4 year. At a bare minimum, you have cut a persons student loans in half which is a big problem in this country. I will never understand the mentality of degrees are worthless if everyone has them!?!? That is ridiculous. Increasing our societies overall knowledge base is a good thing. What makes you think that a 2-year community college is the pinnacle of higher education? People can keep going. You are simply wrong. 
I didn't do any. I'm sorry that the English language allows for nuance, I guess?
It's insane how good at it you are.
Our state bird would be the golden eagle because we're rich as fuck.
That moldy piece of ham has got to be ready to kick the bucket. 
It's pretty simple I want my gun to look cool. 
They aren't added to the weapon. They come standard on a set of weapons that look scary to some people. But it begs to ask the question, what is the point of gun control? Is it to reduce gun crime? How would this reduce gun violence? The author of the bill cited San Bernardino. How would this bill have prevented that attack? I'm all for more stricter gun control, but at least have logic and something to back up your reasoning for banning certain firearm features because they look intimidating. 
We have different definitions of heavily modified. Especially since a pistol grip and collapsible butt stock are nothing more than ergonomic features, but they look scary.
You fail to see that those people do see those restrictions as limiting their rights. Being a single issue voter doesn't seem logical to me but you can't dismiss the restrictions like they don't mean anything. They obviously mean quite a bit to some people including a few liberals.Stuff like the Assault Weapons Ban (not about full-auto) is what got those people to question any kind of gun control and those who support it. The kind of reaction you might get at seeing politicians talking about banning technology they know nothing about is the same kind of reaction a gun owner might get when hearing about assault weapon bans. Trying to even talk about reasonable regulation is a lot harder when people believe the last regulation that got past was unreasonable.
Until the second tech bubble collapses.
I mean Mississippi is usually one of the worst, except in vaccination rates. 
Cause sometimes things happen that make them fall down.
They too but they can afford to move so they are less likely to protest. 
I live in the Bay Area and I know her story quite well. She should get evicted. The judge agreed.Sorry, you are living in an alternative facts world. A lot that the protesters are missing to this story. Iris did have a lifelong lease with the obvious condition that Iris had to actually live there. However, she moved out several years ago to live with family but her family kept paying rent on the apartment and were using the space as storage of garbage (literally...the place was also infested with rats and vermin). When the landlord found out, he terminated the lease. Then, the woman's niece stepped in and claimed that Iris was living there. The landlord then offered to keep the lease if Iris allowed the other units to convert to condos. That's when her scumbag niece stepped in and said that Iris would not sign unless the landlord converted Iris' apartment to a condo as well and sell it to the niece for dirt cheap. The fact is, she and her family abused the system that was there to protect them. Yes, she should absolutely get evicted. 
He's got alternative facts dude
Whereas your response is pure insult and zero substance. Just pointing it out as a bystander.
Houston isn't even in the top 10. It ranks below Anchorage Alaska!
lol Texas. Where your cities are all not landlocked, are surrounded by water and everyone is fucking just itching to move to. 
Houston. I've had to do work there. Fucking hot flat shit hole where a legit gang banger threatened me from across a four lane street. Why? No fucking clue.A guy working with me, when told of this, remarked that they had been robbed in downtown at noon. It's rivers stink and are brown. That I10 expansion worked wonders! Now you've got what, 10 lanes of gridlock?Houston is populated by people who don't seem to know other places exist. And hicks. Lot's of All Hat No Cattle cowboy wannabes.
Where?  If you think laws are the major driver of real estate prices, then you are delusional.  Bottom line is way more people, and people with lots of money, want to live in SF vs whatever little Texas city you're talking about.
Kind of an aside here, but I love your descriptions of micro and macro-economics. 
> So wait, in this analogy, a hard surface is economics, and people are glass?> Nope. Economics are equations of motion. Both the surface and the glass are people. Economics provide a probabalistic description of how groups of people interact.If you want to stretch the analogy to the point of stupidity, you could move to electrons in a quantum formulation. Electrons have their positions defined by a probability distribution instead of a single position. This would be stupid.
The economy is not the financial sector. The economy is also everyone, and their ability to afford shit.
What he said ^
By having absolutely no coherent point. Not too sure what you're even keeping up with. Don't improve things, because slavery. Ok.
He's equating gentrification with slavery. 
Voat? Sorry you can't have a reasonable debate. You people say you care about people but you tell me to fuck off. The hypocrisy among the regressive sjws is insane. This is why no one takes you seriously. I hope you go to your safe space and hide from other people's thoughts/ ideas. 
Well, the end result is the insane housing prices, so that's a reason as to 'why not.' I love the area, and my salary more than doubled when I moved here for a new job, but there's no way I can 'settle down' here with these housing prices, and it's hard to save money paying for the insane rent.
Source?
first off the fridge in the food is yours. not someone elses. thats your choice to eat it.and money itsn't like food. just because you want someone else's money, it doesn't mean it will go to waste if you don't get it.this wouldn't fund for decades. not even close.and this isn't a way to educate poor people. this is san Francisco, its not the appalachian mountains.want education, the internets the cheapest way.i don't believe in making colleges free. not without massive oversight by the people on what they do with the funding.i would ask you the question, why is college so expensive, when it doesn't need to be? why are the books so expensive and in hard sciences still changed enough to require one to buy new? why is it, that you feel entitled to others money?
1. when it does, admit that its a failure.2. i hope that its possible to go back.I've loved all of my trips to SF, but don't get me wrong, there are plenty of other places in the US and the world that are just as colorful, diverse, and exciting, while being much cheaper to live in.
Or we could, idk, work towards finding better more permanent solutions rather than resorting to a series of ill-thought good enough for now fixes which causes harm in the long run simply to achieve short term goals and temporary benefits.
Thanks. I didn't want to get too sidetracked on that point, because when I actually read the article, it didn't seem to support what he was implying. I guess he finally read it, because he deleted the comment.
Ok, for UCs and Stanford and such. Probably go up in community colleges as well. But the link you provided does not say enrollment will skyrocket as you claimed. Skyrocket was not a term they used. 
It isn't a question it's a passive aggressive attempt to get people to accept your false notions as valid and then argue about them.  If you really want an answer then don't be a dick about asking.
OP didn't say it did. OP just brought up the thought of using the money for programs he thinks will have bigger impact  
I just meant it as the lump sum of everyone's contributions, which can be physical like buildings or books, or more indirect and harder to measure like environmental factors. 
http://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/11/austin-is-top-place-for-startups-in-america-not-silicon-valley.html
its not nuances, its definition and scope change in an attempt to persuade people its a good idea in order to get support. its typical political tactics like nameing things the freedom act, or child safety act. its a tactic to get the weak minded to agree. i find it interesting, as an american living in canada and whose spent time in europe, that american liberals are quite fond of calling everything free as if they believe what they are doing is hard to justify. when i talk to canadian and europeans they are quick to point out that its not free, that it comes from taxes, but they provide the rationale as why its acceptable and needed.american liberals seem to stick to surface arguments of free.do with that information what you will.
i typically warm up on the mindless echo's of /politics before taking on someone capable of serious debate. so to your point, warmup and stretching.
That will come in very handy when the Republican agenda fucks you up in unimaginable ways. 
> How would this bill have prevented that attack? It wouldn't. This is a prime example of milking terrorism for more control. They did the same after 9/11.
Okay. But for right now, a lot of young adults can get an education. Then we have more educated people in the city who maybe want to work and support the city. So what if it's not forever? If it works right now, what's the problem?
Would you be willing to explain why we are in a second tech bubble that you feel is going to collapse?
And they can be built to not do that. Tokyo is extremely susceptible to earthquakes and is one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Giving the excuse that there is no high density housing because of earthquakes, is bullshit, especially considering that they have skyscrapers.
thanks for the alternative facts buddy.your true soul has been revealed.   you're not interested in seeing new construction,  you're happy to just see (literally) hundred year-old ladies evicted, or at least extorted into signing agreements which they don't understand. and anyone that stands up for her is the reason san francisco is gentrifying, amiright?actually the protest i saw was for an 80 year old developmentally disabled chinese person being evicted.   no new construction,  just get out.
Sorry, but I bet you don't even know why she should be evicted. Talk about alternative facts. You don't even know the old lady's situation. 
top 10 of what exactly?
[More people moved to Texas than any other state](http://www.sacurrent.com/the-daily/archives/2016/12/20/more-people-moved-to-texas-in-2016-than-any-other-state)you were saying...
ok. sorry for your personal experience but what exactly does that have to do with zoning?
Houston. Try 4th largest city in the US. 
Your stretching is nonsensical.I agree that economics are laws of a dynamical system, but unlike laws of motion, they are not universal. They (macroeconomic at least) change as people's behavior and expectations change, and even microeconomics has many exceptions, generally when scarcity of rational actor assumptions are violated.When someone or a group of people have enough influence, money, and assets to sway or redirect market behavior, it is almost more beneficial to them to do so. Therefore, they will. The market is not a pure object of worship. It's a social process that can be very easily used to strip society of its wealth (not just money, wealth is more than money), just as it can be very beneficial. There isn't simply one stable state of maximum prosperity for everyone that a market automatically works towards.
Of course it's not. The entire problem is that the financial sector has subsumed the economy and drives it more than it is driven by it. That's why we see such incredible wealth inequality. Not because some people are working harder and making a bigger difference in people's life's, but because some groups of people have enough money to operate within the financial scale on economies of scale and reshape the rules to their own benefit. 
Nope. Read it again. That was a satirical comment, meant to underline how stupid the OP was.Which it was. People saying what is even the problem with gentrification, lol, idk! deserve to be mocked. It's not a real position, it's empty trolling. Even people who are the most laissez faire capitalists possible don't pretend that they don't understand the issue.
Fuck off is in no way inconsitent with caring about people. Not defending the statement, specifically. But that kind of self-pity intermixed with schoolyard-bully mentality is prime-grade hyporisy So fuck off with your this is why no one takes you seriously. That's some pantload tough-kid talk. 
>Well, the end result is the insane housing pricesThe actual thing is ... we should have higher property taxes. House prices have skyrocketed because property taxes are attached to the price of the house when you bought it. 
The average house is worth about $800,000 in Excelsior. As you get closer to downtown it becomes 1.5M average.On Zillow, out of 334 houses for sale 25 were over 5M, so roughly one out of 13.There are around 200K houses in San Francisco, so we can estimate around 15K houses that are worth over 5M.
http://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/5000000-_price/18908-_mp/38.051876,-121.232071,37.126928,-123.333207_rect/9_zm/1_rs/Note - I was using San Francisco to mean the whole region as from anyone who isn't actually from there it is synonymous with the Bay Area.  Second the link has 2,500 homes sold or for sale within the last few months.  It is not a stretch to extrapolate that out to tens of thousands in existence.  Third I don't really want to go trolling through tax records to get an exact number.
I don't feel entitled to money from others. I'm on the side that is happy to pay more taxes to help out those with less opportunity than I have. I ask you, why are you against a city trying out a program? If you don't like it, don't go to community college in San Francisco. Don't spend $5,000,000 on a house there. You can vote with your dollars. Yay, capitalism!If you think there are better solutions, I encourage you to find a way to implement them.What is gained by going on the internet and shitting on attempts by others to improve their communities? This program doesn't affect you even a tiny little bit. Do you go around to beaches and kick over sand castles, because the ocean is going to ruin them eventually anyway?
> first off the fridge in the food is yours.Food is subsidized (really, almost everything is). I hope people don't waste it. It has to be thrown away. Guess who pays for landfills? And trash collection. >I don't believe in making colleges free.Public education is free (K -12). No reason that K - 14 can't be free. In fact, the decision to make K -12 free and K -14 not is just arbitrary. As is the decision to make 18 the age of adulthood and not 17 or 21 or even 25. >why is it, that you feel entitled to others money?The old canard. Why do you think they want other people's money? Taxes are a pooled resource. When you pay a tax it's no longer your money. Its resources are shared and allocated by elected officials. And you benefit in innumerable ways from that allocation. So, really  it's impossible to live almost anywhere in the US and not benefit from many someone elses paying their taxes. That's true whether you live in SF or in some remote part of Alaska. 
Because we are a capitalist society. Now we could make rules stating that professors can't force students to require a brand new text book every semester, but that's harming their business prospects.We can't tell private colleges they charge too much when they are a private business. Trying to allocate money to help the less fortunate pay for things does mean others are losing money to help others, and yes that does suck, but I don't think going the other way is possible.Unless the entire country tries to protest higher education which is probably gonna do far more harm then good.
So why do you care if they tax 5+ million dollar real estate transactions?  You don't live there, you don't want to live there, and you can't afford a 5+ million dollar home anyway.
So, don't live in SF. Trust me, they don't need more people wanting to live there. 
There are no such things as permanent solutions
Subsidizing community college based on taxes isn't quite the same thing as what happened with university tuitions nationwide.Don't let great be the enemy of good. 
oh please. this sub treats anyone who disagrees as shit. doesn't matter how you want to rationalize it to yourself.no one has provided an answer here.
And I said why can't you try and do both programs
Yes, but those are not society's resources. A lot of those are resources that directly belong to people.When I went to college, I had to buy books on my own dime. How does society benefit me when I have to pay for those books myself? That sounds more like free market than society to me.
Their main anecdote is a home improvement store startup. While this is certainly a small business, these aren't the kinds of startups you really see in SF. I wasn't referring to hardware stores or flower shops. I'm referring to the AirBnB's, Ubers, whatever. Your news story cites a Kauffman index, which doesn't take any of that into account, only citing growth rate of entrepreneurs, which can be anyone wanting to start a mom and pop shop (nothing wrong with that. But it's different from the startups I think we're both referring to). Why don't we use a metric that actually takes into account the amount of money in a city's startup scene, the amount of money attracting talent, the money founding startups with big ideas, the potential that investors see in a city's startups. [Venture capital funding](http://www.citylab.com/tech/2016/02/the-spiky-geography-of-venture-capital-in-the-us/470208/). And you know what? Austin's not doing too bad. Around the 12th place mark (behind Philly), with 475 million in VC investments. What's in #1? SF-Oakland-Hayward at 8.5 billion. What's in second? San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara at almost 5 billion; basically Silicon Valley got BOTH #1 and #2, for a total of $13 billion dollars in VC funding. That's 4X the amount of VC funding in #3 NY, and 30X the amount of funding in Austin, which is not going to be the next Silicon Valley anytime soon. Talent and companies follow the money. The money is not leaving CA, certainly not to Austin. A CNBC Buzzfeed list isn't going to change that. EDIT: Austin, not Houston
>its not nuances, its definition and scope change in an attempt to persuade people its a good idea in order to get support. its typical political tactics like nameing things the freedom act, or child safety act.It can be those things, but in this case it's not. You're barking up the wrong tree. Free at the point of use, or simply free in this context, is a common way of referring to programs like these.>when i talk to canadian and europeans they are quick to point out that its not free, that it comes from taxes, but they provide the rationale as why its acceptable and needed.Funny. My family in Europe refers to their education system as free and their health care as nearly free. Even those who are apart of the conservative parties over there.>do with that information what you will.There's nothing to do with it. It's a nuance. Everyone knows it's paid for with taxes. Everyone understands how free is being used. It's incredibly condescending that because of its wide use and understanding that it's because of weak minds.
you don't need money to get an education. why is it so expensive to begin with?
It's a dumb strategy in terms of long term support for this kind of program. When the housing market goes belly up again, there's going to be an emergency in trying to find the funds to keep it going.
Overinflating companies that turn little to no profit and do not produce anything isn't sustainable.I do hear a lot of tech insiders saying there is no bubble, or that they don't see it, but that happens with every bubble. The financial industry couldn't see the housing bubble, or made excuses for it, when it made no sense. It didn't make any sense how overinflated tech businesses got in the late 90s, either.The industry needs to make a case for why businesses who don't make good or no margins are valued so highly. Just saying Trust us, there is no bubble doesn't cut it anymore. Cause for worry right now is especially warranted because housing prices in many parts of the country are directly because of the tech industry.
There are currently tall annoying eyesores being built. But most of the buildings were built before 1980 when earthquake building technology wasn't as advanced or cost effective.Even when fancy new earthquake resistant buildings are built you can trust people to take cheap and easy options. Which might explain why one of the new skyscrapers is toppling over under its own weight.
You are not debating on facts but on pure emotion. Facts have been debated and accepted by the city judge and he approved the eviction of the old lady. I could care less if she is 100 year old. Her age doesn't matter in this case because she violated her lease and the lease protection she got from the city. You should stop living in a alternative fact world like Donald Trump and accept the fact that she should be evicted. 
I'd imagine highest valued zip codes as he was replying to your comment. Though I'd guess Houston has more than 1 zip code. 
10 cities nearest to Anchorage, Alaska
You realize that Texas is geographically larger then most countries right, and that comparing raw numbers of people moving there to other states when talking about housing supply and demand is asanine. 
Oh nothing really, I just take every opportunity to point out what a shit hole it is. It's the worst parts of large cities with none of the charm.OK, maybe the rice campus, but that's it.
Houston is also a city of massive, unending sprawl. Not to mention that it's metro area in relatively un constrained allowing for new construction on the outer ring to offset housing price hikes in  more desirable areas.SF is bound by water on three sides. 
Houston has 12x as much land as SF and 2.5x the population.  Get back to me when 10.5m people live in Houston, and millions more want to live there but are priced out, and tell me how cheap it is then. 
I stated that trying to state this as a tension between economics > people is about as stupid as trying to state things as a tension between gravity and the state of a cup. Yes, it's not an exact science, but there's no tension between a description of people's economic behavior and their behavior.
Not being able to have a civil discussion is probably one of the biggest problems this country faces. Whether you want to admit it or not, telling someone to fuck off is in no way civil.
> Why do you think they want other people's money...When you pay a tax it's no longer your money.i cant... i cant, i mean, u said it, i just cant understand the cognitive disconnect.
Why does it have to be all or nothing? Why can't we take the best aspects of a variety of economic structures, for maximum benefit for the most people?I don't know how to explain to people that they should care about others. We're all of us the bottom rung of society. The elite have a LOT of money. Like, way more than $5m house money. And yet we're arguing over scraps. Capitalism leads to ultimately one person owning it all. So, yeah, maybe we should temper that a bit, here and there. 
because i don't believe that we have the right to other's money based solely on how much they have. 
Bannon: Sure there are, though I would call them final solutions.
Lol, it blows me away how hard headed people are. You have already decided how this whole interaction was going to go, now you feel vindicated. Dude nobody cares about you and your bullshit, you will just bitch about SJW's, the regressive left, and their downvotes regardless of what people say. Are you having fun feasting on those liberal tears? 
Move the goalposts farther would you? The California exodus is well documented, more and more businesses are leaving and not even bothering starting there.
But... they're making it free. I get it, you don't like this solution. I encourage you to implement your own. But until you do, why shit on the efforts of others, especially when it doesn't affect you even a tiny bit?
For that matter, why bother with triage in the emergency room?Do you have a better solution? If so, please promote it and get cities to implement it.I just don't get it. If it fails, okay, whatever. Then they go back to what they were doing before. It's not something that affects you. But what if it works? 
The Bay Area was the most insulated location from the last housing burst. Prices were barely affected and recovered incredibly quickly. The combination of weather and geography (tons of outdoor activities close by) means that it's pretty much the most desirable metropolitan place to live in the US. 
Which companies are you referring to?
yep,  you don't really care about new construction.   you're a fan of kicking people out of old construction in order to get around rent control laws.   unmasked, buddy.btw for any others reading this,  she can't fight the case because it requires a $140,000 bond which she doesn't have.   the landlord tried to get her to sign a paper turning a unit into a condo which she wouldn't own,  which would be straightforward to evict her from.and that's why gentrification sucks.the end.
cities that people want to live in.
I'm literally surrounded by skyscrapers living in a 2 story apt built in the 1940s. We have no zoning at all.
I'm just correcting your facts. 
so you were just talking out your ass to make yourself feel good. got it.
San Francisco needs to build upward then and start taxing property where people just use it as an investment vehicle rather than a residence. 
&gt; Yes, it's not an exact science, but there's no tension between a description of people's economic behavior and their behavior.Yes, there is. Aggregate information and models thereof are fundamentally a restriction of the information present in people's actual behavior. Statistical bias, inaccurate models, and the fact that economic theory development builds on itself and rarely completely throws itself out in favor of a new, more correct model. The fact that economic theory (a soft science) cannot be divorced from the biases of its authors.Economics isn't magic, and it's hardly perfect. Like psychology, which it is when you get down to it, it is useful, but largely imperfect. Any theory that tries to quantify or explicate human behavior on the scale of millions of individuals *cannot* be complete nor consistent. 
Bullshit. The biggest problem this country faces, by far, is people afraid to offend r.e. politics, religion, etc. Civility? Okay, I take your point; civility is important. But is it really more important than blind complicity and fearful compliance? And where did this idea of civility arise so suddenly, now that the right wing is in control? *Now* we're supposed to be civil, now that the hateful are in charge? Fuck that. And fuck off. 
>i cant... i cant, i mean, u said it, i just understand the cognitive disconnect.You don't because you've it's been pounded into your head that it yours. It's a pooled resource. It's not yours. You can't spend it. You can't use it as collateral. In what sense is it yours? You can't determine how to spend it (you only have a small say). 
But it isn't based on that. It's based on if they have a 5+ million dollar house or not.
So then there should be no taxes in your mind? 
Got me there. The solution to end all solutions. The solution to rule all solutions. Bannon, the Lord of Solutions.
your contribution to the discussion isn't without its own sense of irony. Ok then, back to the task at hand.Whats the math behind the tax and how it well does it cover college expenses?
We're talking about exodus of the tech industry. The goalpost is other tech companies. Sure the BBQ restaurant franchisee is not going to bother starting in CA. The hardware store with a web presence might be drawn to another state. Any serious tech startup? For the most part, they will be in SF. Maybe NY and, if they're biotech, maybe Boston/Cambridge. It's obvious you don't have any substantive experience in this field, so I'm not going to bother responding anymore. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I can't see the problem. I really fucking can't. Im in the UK and out of myself and my girlfriend, we have an incredibly diverse and wholesome social group.I have a Persian friend who married his long term boyfriend last year, they've since adopted Poppy; the most charming and sweetest little girl you could ever set your eyes on.She has two dad's, who will move heaven and earth to make sure she has the most structured and grounded upbringing. Both are very modest, successful business owners, who I'm very proud to have in my life.If the UK decided to pick a fight on same sex marriage like Trump is hinting, then I will protect my friends the way I know in my heart, they will do for me.If you want me to take sides againt the LGBT community? Then come at me bro 
why is there even a war against it at all let ppl do what they want i mean honestly. 
Can confirm, Tennessee state legislators just proposed two new anti-LGBT bills. One is a bathroom bill, and the other essentially bans same-sex marriage. Similar things are going to start happening in other states, and the Trump administration is definitely not going to come out against them.
But he held the gay flag that one time! That proves he loves those gays!
To quote the American philosopher, Joe Rogan, The people that oppose gay marriage are either dumb or secretly worried that cocks are delicious.
Don't give up hope my American LGBTQ friends, so many decent people will have your backs. People will fight beside you and fight for those of you who cannot. I hope you all stay strong no matter what is to come. Hopefully just as we saw with the Muslim ban, lawyers will step up to your defence should you need it.  
Non American here - does he actually have the power to reverse Obergefell v hodges?
I had a conversation with my wife's Trump supporting step sister before the election. She is a Chicago cop, and a married lesbian. I asked her why she supports Trump. She told me she likes the Republican Party on economics. I told her they crashed it in 2008, and they will crash it again even worse if they win. She told me that he supports law enforcement. I told her he talks shit about the very department you serve, and basically says you can't do your job. Then I told her with Pence, they will seek to outlaw gay marriage and have your current marriage annulled. All the benefits you currently enjoy from being married will be gone and you will be discrimated against once more. The only reply was, no they won't. Most of us have stories like this. There is no reasoning with some people.
> draft of the order, first published in The Nation, would allow any organization, including closely held for-profit corporations to refuse services to LGBT people, whether in housing, employment, education or healthcare. One would hope that attitudes have changed so much that businesses that do refuse LGBT clients would suffer consequence to their bottom line, as consumers take their money elsewhere
Somebody on the right please explain to me why it is you care what people who aren't inside your skin do, who they marry or whatever. I simply don't get it.
Such a shame for Mike Pence. So twisted and stuck in the closet. Dude must hate himself something terrible.
Many of these Republicans believe gay sex should simply be relegated to airport bathrooms where their wives will never find out. 
This is how you start a war against religion. If you want to practice and be left alone to do so, then by all means, have at it. But the second you start pushing your beliefs on the rest of the country and demand that other people can't have things because your religion doesn't approve, then that's the minute we come after you. For fucks sake, escaping religious persecution is the reason this country was FOUNDED. We need to make history and education a bigger priority in this country, clearly we are doomed to repeat the same mistakes.
right wingers just loooove the phrase 'separate but equal'.  It takes them back to a time when they feel america was great.
This article clearly states it's an opinion piece, site a leaked document but then doesn't provide the document. I don't get how this place can eat this shit up day after day after day. 
I'm not gay, but if I was, I would want equal rights.
That genie is too way too big and fabulous to ever be put back in the bottle.
Who knows what will happen with Mike hook up the clamps and turn up the amps Pence.
Why in the fuck is this still an issue?
Hey America, your country is quickly becoming the laughing stock of the world. It is setting the standard for national humiliation. Taking entertainment to a new level. The USA Whitehouse Reality Show. Including lying freaks and lying, angry white men. Every refresh of the international news sites brings forth another hilarious escapade of the people trying to run your country tripping over themselves trying to find a light switch. 'Never mind we will do it in the dark. Thats ok, I'm used to that wispers...' And they do. Hilarious stuff. The briefing that could only last 23 min before 'TWEET TWEET' Angry Father must protect/promote daughter Or Insulting National leaders by wanting to hold hands for waaaay too long and then giving him the condescending hand pat had me rolling on the floor. Like The Japanese Prime Minister's eyes after his hand was finally released from the slimy paws of the Grouper. Rolling in the aisles when he played the 'Nod, smile and pretend you are listening gag' But he was speaking in Japanese. Hahahahaha. What about the Health guy who wants to dismantle......health and the Education Donate ( I believe 'Donate' will be a new title like Dame or Your Benevolencey) thats wants to disband the Federal Education department. Enough, enough my sides hurt. So funny, I need more popcorn and beer, heck I might have to buy shares if this keeps going.
Trump: I will defend LGBT rights, stop listening to the lying media they're all liars.Media: Trump doesn't support LGBT rights according to our ultra-super-top-secret sources, trust us.
Everyone should know that Los Angeles Times is an incredibly biased source (just read their recent article on Milo Yiannopoulus) and this title is VERY misleading because it assumes something will actually be passed. It's very sad how yellow journalism has become mainstream and is allowed here on /r/politics. Anyways, let's actually read the article.It says a draft was obtained by The Nation and The Investigative Fund. I'll link the original source below:https://www.thenation.com/article/leaked-draft-of-trumps-religious-freedom-order-reveals-sweeping-plans-to-legalize-discrimination/First of all, how did these people get a draft. They have given no source for obtaining the document. Not even sourcing an anonymous insider that other media outlets like to use as sources for their stories. It may very well be a fake document.Secondly, there is a VERY IMPORTANT update at the bottom of the above article:>...but officials said it is one of hundreds circulating, some drafted by the transition team, others by the White House, not all of which are likely to become policy. The official did not say who drafted this particular order.Not all of which is likely to become policy. Trump said he wouldn't allow LGBT discrimination. The LA Times article quotes Trump on this, but says that is is possible Trump will allow it because Trump never said he wouldn't do so in the future. Is The LA Times publishing fake news?
So homosexuals pose a threat to the institution of marriage but a guy who cheats on his wife, divorces her, marries the woman he was cheating with, then cheats on her, divorces her, then marries the woman he was cheating with doesn't? Fuck Republicans and their so called values. They're sitting there placating a serial philanderer who is now the leader of their party while screaming about the evils of people who just want to get married.
People who say Trump's never had a problem with the gays need to remember who the VP is. 
I told you so doesn't sound as good when it's something so serious. :(
Trump supports the LGBT community
So, which religion is going to dictate? Which god version? Which bible version? Only 40,000 variations at last count?
I'm one of the moderators over at /r/RightwingLGBT and what we and a lot of people will tell you is: chill the fuck out and grow the fuck up. 
The earliest reference from Trump on the issue that we could track down is an interview in The Advocate in 2000. At the time Trump was rumored to be considering a run for president.I think the institution of marriage should be between a man and a woman, Trump said during the interview.He said he would favor a domestic partnership law that afforded same-sex couples the same benefits as married couples.https://books.google.com/books?id=smMEAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA27&dq=%22Donald+Trump%22+AND+%22gay+rights%22&hl=en&ei=-RWWTeCDEuLeiAKun8WdCQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=6&ved=0CE4Q6AEwBQ%20-%20v=onepage&q=%22Donald%20Trump%22%20AND%20%22gay%20rights%22&f=falselonghttp://books.google.com/books?id=smMEAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA27&dq=%22Donald+Trump%22+AND+%22gay+rights%22&hl=en&ei=-RWWTeCDEuLeiAKun8WdCQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=6&ved=0CE4Q6AEwBQ#v=onepage&q=%22Donald%20Trump%22%20AND%20%22gay%20rights%22&f=false Fast-forward to 2011 when Trump was again considering a run for the White House. He sat down for an interview with Bill OReilly on Fox News and talked about his position on same-sex marriage. I just don't feel good about it, Trump said. I don't feel right about it. I'm against it, and I take a lot of heat because I come from New York. You know, for New York it's like, how can you be against gay marriage? But I'm opposed to gay marriage.http://www.foxnews.com/transcript/2011/03/30/donald-trump-sits-down-bill-oreilly/And, last year Trump said in an interview on CNN that he supported traditional marriage.http://cnnpressroom.blogs.cnn.com/2015/06/28/donald-trump-on-cnns-state-of-the-union-im-in-it-to-win-it-i-will-make-our-country-great-again/(last year as in 2015 you aren't clicky)Maloneys claim was made in the context of the Supreme Courts 2015 decision on same-sex marriage. Trump does not agree with the decision. He has said efforts to overrule the court through an amendment to the U.S Constitution are not realistic.http://www.foxnews.com/transcript/2015/07/05/donald-trump-punching-back/He has said in interviews that he would have preferred the court leave the decision on same-sex marriage at the state level. Trump also suggested in at least one interview that he would consider appointing Supreme Court justices who would support reversing the ruling.http://www1.cbn.com/thebrodyfile/archive/2015/10/02/donald-trumps-faith-report-on-the-700-clubHe has said in interviews that he would have preferred the court leave the decision on same-sex marriage at the state level. Trump also suggested in at least one interview that he would consider appointing Supreme Court justices who would support reversing the ruling.http://www.foxnews.com/transcript/2016/01/31/ted-cruz-attacks-donald-trump-financial-record-trump-responds/
b-but he held a rainbow flag upside down once!  surely he is for the gays!!  fake news  -trump supporters 
I don't know why there's so much opossition against same sex marriage. Gay people deserve to be miserable like the rest of us. 
Nobody is fighting against gay marriage you ostentatious fools. Do you guys just get off on being fake outraged or what? 
That and pot...Remember we are under fanatic rule now.
Calm day on /r/politics.
No there's not.  He already upheld Obama's 2014 protections for LBGT. Quit with the baseless rhetoric and fear mongering.https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/us/politics/obama-trump-protections-lgbt-workers.htmlEDIT: Aww the downvotes with no responses.  Typical.
He actually argued with me on the bottom line of thinking at all.
America's war against him has long started. 
I foresee hundreds of new religions popping up in response to this... and then a subsequent backlash from traditional religious groups who push for some kind of ridiculous legislation that makes religions have some sort of strict vetting process to prove that they aren't forming just for political reasons... 
Trump is still in campaign mode he still doesn't understand that he won. He is still out to fight against those evil democrats. While T_D just shows why American education is so behind. 
Anyone that has ever cheated on or divorced an SO has no credible say in how people live there personal lives.
Guys he literally said he's not going to sign it what even is the issue
Yup, even if he didn't touch the issue any further, he's emboldened shitty states like VA to implement more restrictions on gay people- we already have multiple bills getting fast-tracked through the state legislatures that endorse discrimination.
I will never understand this part of American conservatism. I'm pro second amendment, fairly anti-abortion (though I'm not about shutting down planned parenthood, that's counterproductive, and I think making them illegal is wrong),  and I despise a lot of the liberals in power today.However, I cannot for the life of me understand why people have such an issue with two dudes doing the nasty. Like, wtf does that have to do with you? Just let people do their own thing, guys. Why is that so hard for people on both sides to understand?
Sure, no irony in the guy with 5 kids from 3 different wives leading with the values of holy marriage ...
The Bible says you shouldn't lay with man as with women. It doesn't say discriminate against those who do. If your faith is not to positive on being a homosexual than you yourself shouldn't engage in sexaul acts with the same gender. Don't shove your beliefs down my throat. My throat is reserved for dick and dick only. 
As a gay dude this is concerning.
Trump isn't coming after same-sex marriage or going to criminalize homosexuality.  You're being lied to. Put personal feelings aside   --first he couldn't win, then Russians, hoax rape accusations, an Apprentice tape that doesn't exist, --the corporatocracy running this country will do anything/say anything to derail his presidency. 
Trump doesn't care about the U.S. he cares about his rich white Christian friends. 
FREEDOM OF RELIGION ALSO MEANS FREEDOM FROM RELIGION.Jesus fucking Christ.
I don't really get the controversy. You can hate gay people and be disgusted by them, by why go out of your way to prevent them from getting married? They can make a commitment just like any other two people and deserve to have the recognized by the state. It's just weird that people are so against something that has absolutely 100% zero impact on their daily lives. 
Is anybody else concerned that a ruling like this is going to go beyond just discrimination against LGBT and extended to whoever (or whomever, never sure which) the discriminator wants in the name of religion? Muslim? Not serving you. Black. Don't have to sell you my home according to my God.  All anybody has to do is create a super bigoted church and then POOF, all the followers can only serve and transact with who they want.  Like the slope isn't just slippery, it's vertical.
What a bunch of fear mongering. There is no limit is there?
>A draft of the order, first published inThe Nation, would allow any organization, including closely held for-profit corporations to refuse services to LGBT people, whether in housing, employment, educationor healthcare.Wtf!? >The order is specifically designed to allow anyone who has a religious objection to same-sex marriage to discriminate in the name of faith  and would prevent the government from taking action against any individual who acts on those views. This would allow full federal protections for people like Kim Davis, the Rowan County, Ky., clerk who famously refused to sign marriage licenses for legally wedded couples in 2015.Again, Wtf!? 
Gee what a fucking suprise. I loved it when straight trump supporters told me everything was fine. Gotta love it when people who never dealt with this shit pretend to know more about how these assholes work then you do after you been fighting with this bullshit for over a decade or more.
Trump thrives off compliments and perceived respect. It's a call to action for him. I think it's important to voice appreciation for not signing this shit or anything he gets right if you want results. If he's the dipshit this sub believes then control him like a fat orange puppy with belly rubs.
Literally fake news. He stated he'd never sign in any anti-lgbt laws
Honestly I think this is just a distraction to make everyone forget about him loosening restrictions on Wall Street. Get ready for another crash, and get ready to bail out the people responsible so they don't loose their yachts while the 99% loose everything.
I don't think the left should talk. After the Orlando shootings what should have been focused on was helping the families who had lost their loved ones and enstilling belief and the hope for a better future in the LGBT community. Instead they used it as a narrative in favor of Muslims saying that not every Muslim is like Omar Mateen etc. These writers are the same ones who ignored the facts about the Orlando shooting they have no right to talk about gay rights. Trump was the one who represented the rights of the families who had lost their loved ones
Conservatives claim to care so much about strong family values, yet they think a heterosexual couple where the husband cheats and abuses his wife is more of a family than the couple you described for some fucked up reason.We went from the Obama family which was a model family and one that everyone could be proud of and strive to be to this shit show of a trump family, yet conservatives hated the obamas and love the trumps for some fucked up reason.
> She has two dad's, who will move heaven and earth to make sure she has the most structured and grounded upbringing.The crazy thing when you think about it is, *that's the norm.* Since you can't really accidentally become a gay dad, nearly 100% of homosexual families are the result of strenuous planning and legitimate desire.Think I actually read a study once saying that due to the above, homosexual families are on average *more stable* than heterosexual families. Because sure, well-adjusted straight families still probably have an easier time, but there's no such thing as white trash gay families with a half-dozen illegitimate children.
Putin is where the religious right (Trump and the GOP's puppet masters) get their model of government: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/02/how-russia-became-a-leader-of-the-worldwide-christian-right-214755Very scary. 
They associate gay people with their priest or uncle who tried to touch them when they were kids. They basically think atheist and anarchist are the same thing. Liberal = antichrist. They laugh at the notion of consent. They make a ton of weird connections based on the value systems being slightly different than what is taught in their book, so they discredit the whole group.edit spelling
What's crazy is I know gay people that voted for trump. I also know a lot of people that completely lack critical thinking skills, so it makes sense.
The good news is, they won't. The Conservatives are nowhere near as crazy as Republicans. It was David Cameron and his government after all who legalized it.
Thank you.  Straight family man here.  And I guess I can't explain very well why, but I take it personally as an assault on my family when these bigots go after gay marriage.  My family is no better than your friend's because I have a penis and my wife doesn't.  It's so infuriating.
At the risk of losing some reddit karma.....For those with little exposure to your real-life LGBT friends, I think part of the problem is how the LGBT community portrays themselves at events such as Gay Pride. It's pretty tough for a southern baptist family to imagine a wholesome and loving gay family raising a well-rounded child when they're main exposure to the LGBT community is seeing men in red underwear with erections performing simulated sex acts in a family parade, BDSM paraphernalia, drag queens, etc.. It's kind of counter-productive to the cause.
Because there isn't a problem. These people are driven by religious ideals, not logic. Often enough, the most bigotted ones, seem to be fighting their own inner feelings and guilt by taking it out on the rest of the world. They're crazy.On another note, how is it being conservative to force government into people's personal lifes, homes, and bedrooms? Ridiculous.
The majority groups in power almost always need a little guy to shit all over to make themselves feel better.
Yes. But you are a reasonable human being. You are (obviously) not defending your chosen Sky Fairy in the most epic spiritual clash in all of history. Betsy DeVos and her kind, unfortunately, are.
The same people that don't want government intervention want a federal law against same-sex marriage.  Quite ironic, isn't it?
Militant Christians, who want to save their fragile children from sexual deviants and dangerous perverts.
I appreciate the sentiment, but this isn't just what we want to do. This is who we are. All I wanted to be when I was a teenager, was a straight man with a wife and kids. It only took me coming out to realize how blessed I am to have been born this way. 
Because the Conservatives long ago unearthed our gay agenda to convert children and married men and dismantle God's laws. We strive to destroy the defenition of a man and marriage. We are stepping stone on the way to a Godless society. Our prime target of lust are homophoic, middle-aged southern Christian men who watch Fox News. They've been on to us for a long time and they even discovered a cure for us, but we refuse to submit as we worship The Desolate One. 
The Christian Right wants the right to discriminate against any non-heterosexual person.
THANK GOD FOR THAT! AMERICA! Getting the important things done! While other countries do useless stuff like investing in science and technology.... and that voodoo only winds up driving future growth, HELLO, NO BODY WANTS THAT LIBERAL CRAP, hello Hillary lost... AND PFFT... SCIENCE!? HA! If you believe in that liberal agenda driven crap. How gullible does the rest of the world think we are exactly? Man this pisses me off, as I sit here and type this rant on the internet with my computer I can't even name one thing science has done for us, seriously it's a cult.  When are the sheeple going to wake up and get us back to what Jesus and the founding fathers wanted for this country when they wrote the Constitution?!   ANd damned it, It's Adam and Eve NOT Adam and Steve Wozniak!
That bill has ONE sponsor. lol. It's just some dude trying to push his agenda. It's not gonna pass. If it does, I'll eat my hat!
What kind of restrictions is Tennessee putting on gay marriage?  I haven't heard of this.
Oh I'm so glad I moved out of that satans butthole of a state. Great food and music too many anti Obama commercials and trolling anti abortion peeps strolling door to door. 
I'm not entirely confident he even knows he was holding the pride flag.
T_D made a thread about how they support LGBT when he did that. Claiming if anyone passes anti-LGBT they would stand up against it. I'm going to call Bullshit on it though. They will jump through more mental hoops to justify Trump's actions.
And he didn't reverse Obama's executive order protecting LGBT in the workplace! He gets credit for that, just like I get credit every time I *don't* punch someone in the face! I'm such a great person for not doing that!
And he hasn't done a single thing since to prove that action and his words regarding the SCOTUS decision wasn't genuine. Despite the fear mongering in this sub. 
That's the best thing I have read today. Thank you
And when Joe Rogan is calling you dumb, damn. The man knows he's an idiot and yet he's much wiser than the president of the USA.
>philosopher
My favorite podcaster
I'm getting married to my boyfriend at the end of February.... it really brings sadness to my heart that this is still an 'issue' being discussed :(
It's gonna take republicans to stop it. 
As a group we've been protesting this type of bullshit continuously for quite a while now.  You'll find that most of us are ready to fucking rumble.  We're not going backwards.And I've seen lots of posts from the ACLU and Lambda Legal (though LL is a given) about these rumors of EOs, and they're pretty much ready to sue immediately.
It's not about reversing Obergefell.  It's about creating a second class of marriage and sticking gays in it - this class doesn't get any rights, though, and you can discriminate at will.  But they're still married!  This is the new strategy.
A lot of conservatives are looking for effective ways to ignore it without explicitly overturning it. Texas is trying to argue that, while couples may now have the right to marry, that does not entitle them to equal treatment as a married couple. Example: Houston wanted to block city workers from getting spousal benefits if they were gay.  It went to the Texas supreme court, and Houston was told that was illegal. (8-1) Naturally, after some political strong arming, it's going back to the court for second go. (Legislators released a statement saying, It would be a detriment to their constituents if this elected Court were to remain silent.https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-01-23/texas-tries-to-revoke-some-gay-marriage-rights
No.  They don't have the power to overturn Roe v. Wade either, but they've spent decades gutting abortion rights anyway.
Technically no, but the Supreme Court and Congress can, and the President can issue Executive Orders / direct the Justice Department to accelerate the process. But even if Trump doesn't do anything himself, the problem is he won't be challenging the laws or lawsuits that conservative Christians across several states are taking action on. 
not unilaterally, but he's getting marching orders on Supreme Court picks from the Heritage Foundation, an *extremely* conservative think tank.
The Supreme Court is highly unlikely to reverse the decision.  Congress by themselves can't override it.  But let's look at Roe vs Wade.  Abortion has been legal in the US for 44 years, and yet, in many states you can't get one...because state legislators have used their power to legislate restriction after restriction, with the result that no abortion clinic can stay open.  At this point, it doesn't matter in the slightest how legal abortion is, because you can't find anybody who will perform one without driving hundreds of miles.Expect the same thing to happen with Obergefell v Hodges.  It will take time.  But the Christo-facists are going to do everything in their power to chip away at at same sex marriage.They're playing a long game.  And that game is to make the US safe for straight, white men, and the expense of everyone else.
I knew a lesbian breast cancer survivor on welfare who voted Republican.  Talk about mental contortionism ... 
I just had the same conversation with my  adopted brother. (He was a run away and my mom took him in for a while) we are both in our 50s now.  He actually argued with me on the fact that my family was half Syrian instead of full Lebanese and then fact we immigrated here because of the fighting between Christens and Muslims way back in  the1890s.Ya just can't fix stupidity. 
I have lesbian, Trump-supporting aunts in Illinois. Exact same thing. Most of my family and I aren't currently really speaking. 
Let me guess, her mommy and daddy are republicans.
**Chicago cop** . . .  there's your problem right there.  not all bad people in that organization but many (most?) think the laws don't apply to them.
Man, the *irony*. A married lesbian Chicago PD officer voting for Trump. I swear. You're right, there is no reasoning with some people.
A gay 14 year old in rural Arkansas probably doesn't have the means to create any impact on the bottom line of the homophobic primary care physician that his parents picked for him.
Chik Fil A business boomed after being found bigots. Hobby lobby is still here.Edit: stupid auto correct
That eo had to be leaked by trump admin so as to kill internal pressures.  I doubt it comes to fruition. 
Religion. Their particular cult tells them that it is their duty to protect sinners from themselves.
I really believe this is a major issue. Remember Bushs direct line to God,Ted Haggerd?
[Something like this but with an electrode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7jOzQC3XOw&t=283s)
I have a feeling these people don't see it as pushing their religion on anyone. I think they truly believe that they are trying to protect society from harm. Much the same as making murder illegal and having a legal drinking age. Do these fall in the same category? Obviously not. Well, obvious to you and me. Such a shame and so utterly bizarre that this is still even considered an issue we have to discuss.
Very well said. There are way too many hateful congregations in the US, but people won't stand by while their fellow friends, family, and neighbors are persecuted by crazy nutjobs forcing their feeble minded beliefs.
The document was published in the earlier articles. It was obtained by the associated press, I believe. It also allowed discrimination based on sex outside of marriage, which is how businesses like Hobby Lobby can deny contraceptive coverage to its female employees.
Stop putting leaked documents in quotes. The WH has confirmed its real, going so far as to say Ivankush convinced them to table it. 
Is it really their fault you didn't read the news when the draft was published, and it was everywhere?
I am, and you're right. I do. It was a huge relief when I got married after 20 years together. My future was suddenly predictable. Now it's all back together uncertainty. 
Religious Conservatives
Gay people exist and want things?
We know. Some of us tried to stop it. Unfortunately our neighbors prefer shitting on everything in order to piss off the libs. 
Just remember that we didn't vote for this. Hillary got 3 million more votes/ unfortunately rural votes count much more than urban ones  
Thanks!
*Trump* may be indifferent, at best, towards LGBT rights.But look at his VP and cabinet picks and tell me they're pro LGBT.Example: http://www.washingtonblade.com/2017/02/10/doj-withdraws-request-halt-order-trans-student-protections/
Trump: I support traditional marriageAlso Trump: I nominate Mike Pence as vice president
Grow up and educate yourself. Let me give you an example. If trump says he is strong against child porn but picks Jarod from subway as his VP than does he really care about stopping child. Actions speak louder than words. Telling people you care isn't as proving as acting like you care. Picking a VP like pence shows you don't truly care. It's sad you people are to dense to comprehend this. I hope the Jarod example makes you stop being so narrow minded. 
He chose Mike Pence has his VP.  Please stop being so dense.
His entire cabinet is anti-LGBT. 
Lol, it says OPINION piece. Having an opinion isn't fake news
Trump picked an incredibly homophobic VP who has worked his entire career to discriminate against the LGBT community.
His VP pick and Supreme Court pick tell a different story than the one you told. And it's an opinion article.  It literally says it at the top of the article lol
I love how you people have such long excuses for this but are to narrow minded to just think critically. Here might be a better example. Imagine if trump said he was strict on child porn and wanted to stop it. But then trump picked Jarod from subway as his VP. Would that add up? Essentially you people eat trumps dick because he held up a rainbow flag. But in reality trump has shown with his actions that he doesn't care about gays. Picking pence is proves he doesn't care about gays. His other picks also proves this.  
You mean the same website posted on the donald in the days leading up to the election because they had trump winning on their polls. 
Ha, I stopped reading when you said biased against Milo
he's getting his Supreme Court recommendations from the Heritage Foundation... do you think they do?
It's so weird that trump supporters say stuff like this.  Have you just not acknowledged the people he surrounds himself with? [Do you not know who Mike Suck the cock, get the shock Pence is?](http://time.com/4406337/mike-pence-gay-rights-lgbt-religious-freedom/) Do you not recall [his comments](http://www.towleroad.com/2016/01/donald-trump-gay-marriage/) about the [kind of judge] (http://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/memoranda/2009/04/14/06-16907.pdf) he would try to appoint to the SC? Or [any](http://www.hrc.org/blog/new-hrc-report-details-jeff-sessions-alarming-anti-lgbtq-record) of his [other appointees](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/01/17/trump-s-education-pick-betsy-devos-could-wreck-lgbt-protections.html) for that matter.
Sure he does imNotloc. Sure he does.
then explain the EO that went full on anti-LGBT that was about to be signed by Trump, until Ivanka talked him out of it.
He has said his opinion is irrelevant. He's doing what he thinks his voters want, and that's the right to discriminate.
No. He really, really, REALLY doesn't. He congratulated himself after Orlando. His WH drafted this order, and then decided they had too many other flaming piles of shit to deal with right now, so us gays get a break for a little bit. He's surrounded himself with vehemently anti-LGBTQ people, and they are calling the shots. 
That's like going to a hip hop concert dressed as a cowboy. They don't believe you belong. 
oh no, some dumb people think the rest of the world should grow up. How exhilarating.
Glad to know you fuckers got yours and now don't have to worry about shit like Trump's administration rolling back attempts to fight for transgender rights:https://www.buzzfeed.com/chrisgeidner/justice-department-takes-a-step-back-from-effort-to-protect?utm_term=.sfBJ7dRvE#.okwpoM0Rz
A lot of us *are* miserable due to heteronormativity. 
Man of the year.
> Nobody is fighting against gay marriageSo what was BLAG under Boehner?Why did the state of texas just sue houston because houston gave same sex married couples spousal rights?https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/not-settled-social-conservatives-say-trump-got-it-wrong-on-same-sex-marriagGet your head out of trump's butt and wake up!
Nope. They just wanna be able to fire people for being gay, let professionals not serve people because they are gay, prevent transgender people from using the proper bathroom, nominate anti-gay justices, and then act like they are still pro gay
No matter where you stand politically, legalization of marijuana should *not* be your biggest concern.
You didn't say anything negative about Trump. OFC you'll get downvoted no matter how factual your statement is, nor how much you support LGBT rights.You're not a Trump-hating slacktivist, so they'll downvote you, thinking they're sticking it to the man.
Yes, we've been saying that all along, but you know... her e-mails.
He said he'd release his tax returns.
He said that in July, 2016. Then in September he put a pledge on his website that said he would protect religious liberty and sign laws that would allow discrimination against LGBT people as long as it was for religious reasons. Which one should we believe?
He said he was going hire a special prosecutor to jail Hillary. 
They consider their president, a rapey thrice married adulterer, as a goodly christian man deserving of their prayers yet selling a cake to a gay person is offensive to them. They have really exposed themselves as the shameless hypocrites that I always knew they were.
That fucked up reason is a combination of power and haha liberals.Culture war nonsense like the fight against gay marriage will also accomplish those two things...because it allows them to yield power over people they don't like (the LGBT community) and when opponents freak out they get the schadenfreude out of knowing they made the liberals mad.Worth pointing out that on this issue conservatives aren't in lockstep. Many are social libertarians. I'm just going after the rabid Trump supporter in this particular case.
I often describe myself as conservative by temperament and I often say that I support gay marriage exactly because it supports family values. A stable 2-parent household is a stable 2-parent household no matter what the gender of the parents are. I think the concerns of needing both a mother and father figure in a child's life are overblown, an aunt, uncle, or cousin can fill in the missing role just fine.
The Republican voters [aren't a homogeneous group](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/02/how-conservatives-can-save-america/515262/). The authoritarians want people like themselves. 
The 'family values' they believe in is about their God, not about happiness as a family.It's about bootstraps and denying yourself everything that feels good for illogical reasons. Not family.They're just afraid of the imaginary sky deity. The one they made up because the thought that life has no meaning and nothing comes after death is too depressing for them to accept.They also do it because they want to feel superior. By being Christians and doubling-down on these values, they get rewarded with a feeling of moral superiority. Of course it's a total illusion, but they don't care.
I assume you're referring to US Conservatives.It was the Conservative led government in the UK that legalised same sex marriage, despite prominent opposition within the party. 
It's because Obama was black and trump is white, nothing complicated 
I don't need religion in my life, but I agree that the Bible and religion can used for some very positive things. It enrages me that the only things republicans use the bible for are abortions and gay rights. Not funding schools, helping the poor, universal healthcare, peace, etc. The pope is the most progressive pope yet, but they ignore these values. 
Grab the strong family values talking points and slogans from the conservative side? Embrace, extend, kick to the curb?
> yet they think a heterosexual couple where the husband cheats and abuses his wife is more of a family than the couple you described for some fucked up reason.That is a strawman argument.  I dont think any Conservative thinks that a husband cheating on or abusing his wife is OK
Small government includes: states rights, property rights, gun rights, self defense rights, castle doctrine, corporate rightsSmall government does not include: city's rights, human rights, women's rights, lgbt rights, minority's rights, bedroom privacy rights, medical privacy and decision making rights, juveniles' rights,  due process, the free market when consumers and/or workers go against business' best interests
I'm a supporter of President Trump and I absolutely do not think that.
>homosexual families are the result of strenuous planning and legitimate desireMy wife and I chose to start a family out of pure love.  We would talk about how much love we have for each other and how amazing it would be to share that with a child to call our own.  It was a long and expensive process to become pregnant, we had so much time to think about our decision to bring a human into this world.  We are a happy, loving, caring family raising a happy little boy now with so much love to go around; it is an incredible feeling.
>  Because sure, well-adjusted straight families still probably have an easier timeand that's only because there are still millions of people that are homophobic scum.
Putin is so homophobic you know he's in he closet deep.
So many of these far-right lunatics are being supported by a country that hates Western Civilization and all it stands for. Terrifying.
> They laugh at notion of consent.I don't get this at all.  I heard Limbaugh bark something about this not to long ago.  What reasonably sane person thinks that adult consent isn't a reasonable threshold for romantic involvement?  The only answer I can arrive at is someone who thinks it's cool to assault minors or people  who are incapacitated or under duress.
I agree with most of this, but I disagree with your first assertion. Our society is obsessed with masculinity. We teach young boys (through language and actions) that being feminine is the absolute worst thing you can possible be, and who is more emblematic of that than a male who seems to reject masculinity? It's one thing to *be* a girl, but even worse to *want* to be a girl (obviously, that's not how homosexuality works, but people are dumb). That's why 99% of the insults boys use against eachother either have something to do with being gay, or relate to female anatomy.Add to that, a lot of homophobia is internalized homosexuality. You have a bunch of men who literally hate their sexual urges and spend their lives overcompensating for something they cannot change. They resent openly gay men because I'm man enough to hide my queerness - why aren't you?Want to confuse a homophobe? Ask them if they believe homosexuality is a choice. When they say it is, ask them when they chose their sexuality. 
> They laugh at the notion of consent.I remember hearing a story on the BBC World Service a few weeks ago about how rape victims in Russia are not taken seriously and how young women are completely seen as merely pretty objects by men, not people.Didn't they also just decriminalize domestic violence there? Russia is such a fucking shit-hole.
It's actually much much deeper and more significant than that.  Homosexuality is the number one issue with evangelicals and ESPECIALLY the even harder core Christian dominionist sect due to the symbolism that it encapsulates...See, evangelicals believe that the United States is, in effect, sanctioned by the Christian idea of God.  Not that we're a 'Christian Nation' but we are, in normal state, a land that is directly sanctioned by the Almighty.  Accepting homosexuality on any level is a signal that this society has effectively been captured by Satan and is in decline.   Most people tend to think that abortion is the number one sticking point with evangelicals and I can assure you that it is not.  Homosexuality has and will always occupy that spot due to scripture. I know it sounds silly but this really...really cannot be discounted.  This is why, even though Donald Trump would practically burst into flame if he ever stepped foot in an evangelical church, they still voted for him as a solid bloc. They saw the long game to the Supreme Court and went with it.  That's detestable and against everything they purport to stand for, but..the ends justify the means, I suppose. 
But he held a flag up! He's gonna be the yugest gay rights President ever
The thing is, Pride came about because LGBT people tried to keep their stuff low-key and homophobes bashed their heads in anyway. After Stonewall they finally said you know what? Screw this. We're going to be as in your face as we possibly can.It morphed from that defiant movement into a really fun yearly party and statement of solidarity. It's hard to let that go, especially when so many people *still* have a hard time coming out. 
When is the last time you went to a Pride parade? For every leather daddy float, there are three floats of average folks who support LGBT rights. Discrediting Pride events for the more salacious elements is sort of like discrediting protests because of violent anarchists. The key difference being that seeing a dude in fetish gear harms absolutely no one.
But the result of that is that it moves the needle. If guys in red underpants with giant strapons performing simulated sex acts is part of Bobby Joe's experience (no matter how much it shocks and horrifies her) then the notion of two men who love each other and have a good family life is hard to find scandalous. But without that experience the two guys might be the most sexually deviant thing she can imagine. By pushing the boundaries the Pride movement creates a new definition of normal that can include many previously left on the outside. If you judge that as good or bad depends on how you feel about the less outlandish aspects of the gay community, but the result of the pride movement is to create space for those more quotidian lgbtq individuals
Government small enough to fit in your ~~bedroom~~ **underwear**.EDIT: Had to make government a bit smaller.
Don't believe the hype, these guys absolutely want government intervention, it's just that they want government to intervene in order to hurt their enemies and protect themselves. It's not an intellectually honest position.
No step on snek, but ok to step on LGBT. Double standard much?
He modern Republican Party wants fewer regulations on corporations and less public spending. That's what they define as small government.
Well, they want it to be state government. Isn't that the fundamental difference? They play the small Government card but they really mean small Federal Government. At least, that's been my perception of Republican ~~politics~~ shenanigans over the course of my life. The entire thing is ridiculous because, as we've seen in places like Indiana, once the State gets a hold of it they become hyper-authoritarian.
.......jesus Christ you can't save ppl from doing WHAT THEY WANT do the entire thought is stupidly honestly they need to stop and let ppl be themselves.Signed, a Christian who thinks ppl should what the fuck they want.
> from sexual deviants and dangerous perverts.You mean priests right?
Then uhhh why are they so hard on for Boy Scouts? 
They're the high morals* party.*Except when it comes to business practices and extramarital affairs.
Exactly what I've been thinking! I appreciate people saying let everyone do what they want. But sexual orientation, gender orientation, and gender expression are more than just doing what we want. We can't change who we are and we deserve to live our lives as they were intended. 
> The ~~Desolate~~Fabulous One.ftfy
I like you
6/10 Didn't mention Obama, safe spaces, snowflakes, or fake news.
> Man this pisses me off, as I sit here and type this rant on the internet with my computer I can't even name one thing science has done for ushaha, good rant 
copy and pasted from my grandpa's facebook
If only trumpers were intelligent enough to pick up obvious sarcasm. Fuck they might even upvote this.
And if it does, it would be struck down by the courts. You can't write a law that says we don't care what the Supreme Court says lol
[Tennessee Natural Marriage Defense Act](https://legiscan.com/TN/bill/HB0892/2017)
The south really does seem like a completely different country. I'd lose my shit if I saw a door to door pro lifer.
omg i'm stuck in tennessee right now. living in nashville. i can't wait to move to new york in a few months!
And they use Milo as proof they don't hate gays. The guy who wants them back in the closet. Yeah, that's being real tolerant.
> They will jump through more mental hoops to justify Trump's actions.They're not jumping through mental hoops... they're just lying all the time. 
Only time they tolerate & support us is if we can be used as a way to demonize Muslims eg the Orlando shooting, their type would be the first to jump in & attack LGBT people otherwise :/ 
Except for, you know, the part when he chose Mike Pence as his VP, a cabinet completely full of vocal LGBT rights opponents, and those vows he made to pass religious freedom laws designed solely to give Christians special rights to discriminate against gay people. His SCOTUS pick Gorsuch is a big fan of giving self-declared Christians special rights to discriminate.But I'm sure that's all a coincidence. 
Congratulations, regardless :)
Congrats!!! I'm engaged to another man myself and we decided to wed sooner than planned... just in case. So screwed up to have to worry about this again.
Maybe, but if history is any indication, we'll have to do it without the conservatives. Again. 
Absolutely. LGBT acceptance is mainstream, it has been for at least a decade. People will be out in the streets in force against any regression in policy. 
Exactly!As a trans guy I know a lot of my straight friends worry and get sad when the government comes for us but I just keep telling them Nah I'm used to this, we've been fighting for years. Time to lace up the old boots! I'm not scared. I'm READY. We all are.
There's so much irony in this because the conservative refrain was always a complaint about using what they thought was their religious term: marriage. That was supposedly their main beef. Now, you see, that stripping rights away is the only thing they care about and they are willing to concede the term for that. 
They'll call it alt marriage
What do you mean discriminate? 
The legislature can do whatever it wants, it doesn't matter. If that case went to the SCOTUS it would lose 8-0, that's not even a question. The Court might disagree about whether there is a right to gay marriage, but it would never rule that states can deny civil rights by redefining protected access. That's the most settled of settled law, it's like arguing that in Texas, voting for whites means you get to tick a box for a candidate, but for blacks, it means you get to convince a white person how to vote. That's so far away from passing constitutional muster it's hard to explain.
Congress can't overturn the Supreme Court on matters of constitutional law.
Correct.  Trump might not leverage states into keeping it the nonissue it really is. 
Man, that's the trifecta right there.
That's disgusting. Not an ounce of self-awareness or gratitude.
Extremely important point here. In cities/more densely crowded areas that tend to be more democrat, businesses likely will suffer if they come out against lgbtq+ people's. But in small towns that have few close neighboring towns, LGBT kids could suffer direct or indirect maltreatment, because either the parents suck and abuse them already, or they're trying to feed their child, but the only supermarket in town knows she's that gay loving mom and suddenly her or his child don't get to eat. 
Two Chik Fil A s opened near my house recently. Both of them have wait times in the order of an hour.
Well a law that's supposed to be re-introduced into Congress soon does pretty much the same thing, and Trump has voiced support for it, so we shouldn't get too complacent about it.
I'm afraid of crazy christians more than I am of any islamic terrorist attack.
No. it's crazy vs non crazy. Old vs young. I'm a Christian and I couldn't care less if your gay.
You could have posted a link... 
Asking out of curiosity. Why though? Why do feel uncertain about the future of you and your SO, if you can't get married? I mean, why all the fuss, I don't get the whole ordeal with marrige. It's a religious tradition afterall, and many-a-Christians don't support same-sex marrige. Don't get me wrong, I see the appeal and the idea of an oath-sworn everlasting love, I'm definitely pro same-sex too, but why does it all boil down to this one issue that is marrige? I understand there's some legal profits and stuff, but in the end I think marrige is a way to dumb down love, be it same-sex, race or whatever. You love who you love, nobody can take that away from you with any laws, but nothing makes it *more right* neither, if you ask me. I would like to get married though, but if it wasn't possible I wouldn't mind. And Yes, you can always make the point to appose those with hate and discrimination(specially when they are sitting in Office) but on a personal level I can't see how it makes your feelings towards your special other any different? Hope I didn't step on your toes, I'm genuinely interested as to why you feel this uncertainty?
I'm still trying to figure out how liberal tears are  going to *Make America Great Again* 
I understand that the consolidation of liberals in the cities is a problem for us, but fuck if I'm going to move from Seattle to Tulsa to try to fix it. There's a reason we like our cities. Really the only solution for us is to get rid of the EC. There isn't going to be some mass exodus of urban liberals to red states in an attempt to balance things out. 
Why are opinion articles even allowed to be posted here?
an opinion piece is #1 on a place that outlaws them selectively. 
if you honestly believe that just because an article is labeled opinion doesn't mean it is fake news, than we disagree on the definition of fake news.
That's called life insurance 
He's the first pro gay president going into office. Surely that means something. 
Any proof of this claim? First I've heard of it.
I think that's a gross oversimplification of the Republican party. While their message may not resonate with many LGBT individuals, everyone has different priorities. Each party has in-fighting and they need to decide what's most important for constituents
The LGBT community believes we don't belong with them, you're correct.
Similarly there are also groups like /r/liberalgunowners. 
Just remind them of Matthews Ch 6 & 7 every time they try that shit.
#You will never find a father who is as close to his daughter as I am.  ***- Donald J Trump*** ^^^/s ^^^^^^^^^^.https://s02.justpaste.it/files/justpaste/d380/a14155659/5cf741bb18ef15e3e38358c44838ed78.jpg
I appreciate the sentiment of this post but it's misplaced. No offense, but you and a lot of people on this sub Keep saying things like this and are totally misunderstanding the backwards mindset of Christian Republicans. They know the Obamas are a more wholesome family. They know trump is a jerk with terrible family dynamics. They don't care about any of that. They only care about the policies. They would elect Ron Jeremy over mother Teresa if ron promised to ban abortion and gay couples. It's about the bottom line for them. 
He just has the right *aesthetic* to him.
Haha liberals is hate. It's not a different feeling from haha gays and haha muslims. It makes them feel powerful after they've given what little power they have to their corporate bosses and corporate-owned politicians. 
Over half of Republican voters, about 57%, are still opposed to same-sex marriage and nearly the entire body of party members is opposed to it. Also worth noting that [three-quarters of people who oppose same-sex marriage think being gay should be criminalized.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1651/gay-lesbian-rights.aspx) Thats about three-quarters of the politicians and just under half of the voting base.
I would argue that society can fill that role if it believes in empathy and nurturing.  Teachers, community members, friends and anyone else involved in the upbringing of a child.
An aunt, uncle, or cousin can fill the missing role..That. Also it isn't actually important at all.
And the fact that conservatives are the type of people least likely to support measures to help single mothers/fathers.
Most families in the past have been extended family dynamics (also first or second cousin marriages), usually multi-generational. Two parent, nuclear families are the exception.
My own father was a POS but his 4 brothers stood his steed for him.I have sent all of them cards for Fathers Day.I never said so explicitly, but I think they all knew WHO had sent them.
Correct!They just vote that way.
Exactly. To me all of this always comes down to how overwhelming it is to exist. All this nonsense is really just us dealing with the fact that we are on a planet and it really doesn't make sense. Put 7 of us on an island and there'll probably be some fights about our purpose here and there sometimes, put billions of us on a giant floating island and this is how it looks like.
The American political climate is a shift to the right in comparison to the UK. Even the Democratic party is fairly conservative to an extent. 
That wasn't meant to say het couples can't plan a family without love, it was meant to say that gay couples dont often accidentally have have a family they won't care about. Het couples can and do accidentally have children they don't care for. Good for you though. 
That puts all those shirtless beefcake photos into a whole new light.
Nah, he's just a hateful bigot of the type common in Orthodox Christian Eastern Europe. A lot of conservatives outside the West are extremely homophobic because in those countries intense homophobia is linked with opposition to Western liberal values.
We should arrange a date for Pence and Putin. They can get married and go on an everlasting honeymoon and leave us all alone.  
I'm putting money on him actually just being a hateful old person. Haha 
Predacious of young boys, if Litvenienko was correct.
Can we not do this thing where we blame every single power-wielding homophobe's homophobia on them being in the closet? Its really tiring and it gets people to avoid the simple fact that people are really just that shitty, [which they are.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1651/gay-lesbian-rights.aspx)
They think men get the final say, and rape is impossible if you are married. Its basically Christian sharia, where women are better off hidden at home where they cant allow any men to rape them.
Eh, that's not exactly what Rush is saying in the quote I think you're referencing. What he is saying is just as stupid though. >You can do anything, the left will promote and understand and tolerate anything, as long as there is one element. Do you know what it is? Consent. If there is consent on both or all three or all four, however many are involved in the sex act, its perfectly fine, whatever it is. But if the left ever senses and smells that theres no consent in part of the equation then here come the rape police. But consent is the magic key to the left. The funny thing with this is... I kind of agree that whatever people want to do is fine as long as there's informed consent on both sides (and no property damage or whatever that affects other people). I suppose I'd say adultery is not moral either, and it can be consenting, but it's not moral because of the lie to the hurt party, obviously, so Rush left that one out. But that figures.His use of the word rape police does imply that he doesn't value consent, but his overall point is that the left is immoral because we aren't bothered by shit other than rape. Like if someone wants to have a 12-way lesbian orgy with butt plugs and furry costumes, I'm like Go at it as long as everyone involved is of age, of sound mind, and able to consent. I wouldn't be *into* it myself and thus wouldn't consent, but it's not immoral because it's not *hurting* anyone. A lot of the left boils morality down to helping and hurting people. You know, simple Kindergarten stuff. Sharing is moral because it helps people, and slapping people is immoral (without that person's consent) because you're hurting someone. Duh. I don't need a cobbled-together book of mythos to figure this one out, and neither does anyone else. Like the Bo Burnham song (from God's perspective): >You shouldn't abstain from rape just 'cause you think that I want you to/You shouldn't rape 'cause rape is a fucked up thing to do/(Pretty obvious, just don't fucking rape people, please, didn't think I had to write that one down for you)So, Rush trying to make fun of leftist morality like it's backwards is bizarre. It certainly sounds like he doesn't value consent, but I'm not sure his point is that it's cool to assault minors or the incapacitated. He seems to be more of the go after them like a bitch variety based on this next quote, though. Yep, on another instance, there's another quote where Rush says consent can take the romance out of shit: >How many of you guys in your own experience with women have learned that no means yes if you know how to spot it? It used to be used as a clich.Later:>Agreeing on the why takes all the romance out of everything! Seduction used to be an art, now of course its brutish and its predatory and its bad.Granted, to be fair, he was reading one of those really intensely written college consent rules (I think Ohio State) and a lot of people -- when I went to college, at least -- on the left and the right agreed that those seemed a bit absurd. But they're legalese. Of course, they seem absurd. If everyone just respected consent, they probably wouldn't have to draw up that shit with all kinds of stuff included for technicalities to avoid loopholes rapists can use. It's like how when I taught middle school and there was a free seating day, I couldn't just say Sit wherever you want because someone would sit on top of another kid, clearly violating the spirit of the statement. If people didn't take no as a starting point for yes, maybe Ohio State wouldn't need to write detailed consent rules. 
If you listen to the whole rant, he goes on to say liberals are ok with [insert supposedly depraved sex act here] as long as everyone consents. It isn't the consent that he is blasting, but that it makes the depraved sex act ok. *I'm* ok with those scenarios, but authoritarians don't like people who are different. 
> Want to confuse homophobe? Ask them if they believe homosexuality is a choice. When they say it is, ask them when they chose their sexuality.Of course homosexuality isn't a choice. It's a disease.Visited Poland awhile ago. You would not believe how many people truly believe that homosexuality is a disease - not in a 'gay people are scourge of the Earth' way, but that it is an actual communicable illness.It's really fucking disturbing when a view like that gains so much popularity. It sets the stage for much worse.
They decriminalized (first time) assault a couple of years ago, but left in an exception for domestic abuse, which remained criminal. They most recent reforms basically just brought domestic violence down to the level that all other violence is at. Still terrible, but not quite as bad as the headlines make it look. 
Exactly. Kind of like how Martin Luther King got noticed when he gave speeches to throngs of people, and blocked traffic during his marches.Lots of people want oppressed classes to stay quiet. The exact opposite is necessary.
And your uterus. 
It's all a huge projection scam. Liberals are actually the small government party, anarchists and the like...Conservatives want a big strong GIANT government because they want stability. Think about it, if you're rich... or you support the rich do you want a big strong government with police cracking skulls to keep the peasants in line or do you want the peasants bringing their pitchforks and torches for you?
After trump, do intellectually honest positions even exist in the American right wing? I don't think there's any belief in the universe that trump wouldn't endorse if he saw an opportunity for himself to get more influence/power/money.
With most of their voters, it's not an intellectually-dishonest position either. It's an intellectually-devoid position. I've lost count of how many arguments I've had with right-wingers who don't seem to realize that military, police departments, subsidies for oil companies, and, hell, the salaries of their *own Republican representatives* actually cost the public money. To them, nothing of that sort sinks in unless it's grafted to one of their meatheaded 'us vs. them' prejudices (i.e. if they hear that money's going towards minorities, foreigners, women, environmentalism, etc...).
> Signed, a Christian who thinks ppl should what the fuck they want.And The Bible says to let others sin. Romans 11:32
Aka also the failed war on drugs 
Well segregation was all about the idea that blacks were serial rapists preying on young white girls, so this isn't very farfetched.
Well, I mean that's not entirely true.  Or at least I don't wholeheartedly agree that we should just let people kill themselves without intervention, for example, or do dangerous amounts of heroin or other incredibly addictive drugs (I am for legalization in general but sensible legalization, and there is not much sensible about heroin).  Obviously I believe in same sex marriage but I don't find the argument 'let people do what they want' to be a very fruitful approach.  Because sometimes in moments of weakness people do things they want at the moment that affect them long term in ways they dont want or cannot foresee.
And Dennis Hastert and Mark Foley.
I think when people say 'let them do what they want' this is exactly what they are trying to say. 
Don't you mean the news
Also didn't mention the Gay Agenda, HRC, and Muslims
Flakenews?
In Arkansas, rapists can sue their victims if they get an abortion
>regardless of any court decision to the contrary.This whole 'disregard and try to ignore the authority of the courts' movement is getting worrisome. The courts are the ultimate defense of the minorities against the tyranny of the legislative majority, and that majority is trying to bypass it. 
> Defense Act LMFAO
That has a 0 percent change of withstanding legal challenges. It is pure political theater.
A goddam 6th grader could tell you why that law won't fly in court. 
It really is. With colloquial sayings along with culture (my sister raised up north but went to high school in the south getting detention a lot for not saying yes ma'am etc) along with food and the general pace of life. It is its own subculture. Frustratingly so. As a female it was irritating with comments you'll make a good wife one day or you don't have any kids yet?! (I was 23 at the time someone said that to me lol) I was raised in the south and my family is southern I hold some of it close to my heart, like the food and music. But yes the over all mindset is disgusting. Depending on if you live in a city that changes a tiny bit. 
That's so funny to me because I've been told oh I could never live in Nashville it's too liberal when I lived in Knoxville, TN lol. I hope you enjoy your move but don't be surprised (like I was) if you see a Dixie flag flying in someone's yard. 
The guy who thinks being gay is a choice and lesbians aren't real. 
Is there any actual evidence Milo is gay, or is it just something he says to justify himself?  
Without most? Agree.  Will some help? Only if there is a strategy that includes them.   The difference between none and some will be the difference between failure and success.  Some issues have to transcend party politics.  Although the ultra right wing will play to their bigoted base, not every republican is ultra right wing.  Their help is essential, and it starts at the very top.
Yup. Republicans hate gay people. It might not be true for every republican, but this hypocrisy shows that as a party, they are only interested in denying gay people rights. There's no religious or political reason beyond pure contempt.
Think about all those business owners who just had to pick up extra health insurance ect plans for all their partners... Now you know the real reason they have a problem with it... $$$
Thats all it was ever about. If they had their way gay guys would be relegated to public parks and truck stops and get arrested if caught
Yeah, they lost that civil unions battle...  This is Civil Unions 2.0 
This is exactly true.  While sometimes (rarely) SCOTUS rules float across layers of law to get to their point, virtually all decisions are (intentionally) on the exact merits/facts of what's in front of them.If a case hit them, it wouldn't be /about/ gay marriage it would be /about/ redefining protected classes or about backing into different levels of rights for the same qualifier (married people).SCOTUS would definitely go 8-0 against that.  It straight up does open doors to saying that racial tiers can be legal or gendered ones (like saying that there can be a men's versus a women's amount for minimum wage) or religious ones... it's just a nightmare of a door to open.Obergefell was a big deal. It won't be easy to skirt. And as opposed to, say, abortion where States can curtail the shit out of it because the Court's never actually said abortion is a legal medical procedure that people have a right to as much as anyone has a right to fix a broken leg, the Court has laid it down much like Loving v. Virginia.  Marriage between members of the same sex is, explicitly, a legal right.  States can't really fuck with that.They'll try--for optics, for votes, for donations--but that's all.
Religious liberty laws have made it legal to do far worse. In some states, physicians can refuse medical treatment, people can legally be fired from their jobs and property owners can refuse them housing. Neil Gorsuch believes these laws to be constitutional. While I hope you're right, it's difficult for me to put all my faith in the judicial branch when there are parents that have to file appeals just to keep their children from being taken away.  
Not quite. But there is not enough support for the one and only thing that trumps a Supreme Court ruling -- which means that none of these challenges to gay marriage can possibly stand up in court.
Those are the kinds of areas that end up losing population over time though.  That kind of behavior drives people away and doesn't entice enough of a younger population to move in to keep the place sustainable.It's terrible short term for those people, but do you honestly think that kid is going to grow up with that kind of mistreatment and hang around there as a persecuted adult?
Yep. I'm a dirty lib and I eat at chik Fil a
Muslims also oppose lgbtq rights.
I just noticed that the original article reporting it is, in fact, linked from the LA Times article.
Because I am on a family insurance plan through his work. And, when we weren't able to get married he got cancer followed by a neurological disorder. I couldn't get him on my insurance and he was about to go on disability when I figured out the problem, no thanks to doctors, though I do believe they tried. Even still we had to move 2 1/2 hours away to a place we could afford and eventually I just couldn't make the commute any more after 8 years. Before Obama we weren't guaranteed hospital visitation rights. Then there is inheritance. You don't have to even think about it when you're married. But when you aren't and you have the kind of assets we have the government wants their cut. Survivor benefits is another big one. Married people can get their spouse's pension and part of their social security, which is necessary because otherwise I would have to sell my home we literally designed and built ourselves. There are many other issues as well that don't affect us. Adoption and marrying a foreign national for instance. I know a woman who couldn't marry her wife so she had to live in exile. I don't need the government's permission to be in love. I didn't need their permission to establish and build a life with my husband, but I do need them to protect it. 
Is it anti-Trump? We'll allow it. 
The only opinion pieces we allow on /r/politics are the ones that follow the circlejerk
> /r/Politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. **news.**Yeah, it probably shouldn't be allowed.
Why wouldn't they be?  Ah, because it doesn't support your narrative.  You are free to post right-wing think pieces as well. They will be downvoted to hell, but you can post them. I think your beef here is that this went from being a Hillary hating sub to a Trump hating sub. 
Because politics includes people's opinions? It isn't just political news.
Fake news is when incorrect facts, or fabrication of facts, are reported as the truth. With this article, I don't see it as a huge leap in logic to say Trump could be anti LGBT in the future. Every pick for office and person around him is anti LGBT. 
And pandering to the religious right backwoods hicks
you can you know, google stuff. here ya gohttps://www.google.com/search?q=trump+eo+anti-lgbt&oq=trump+eo+anti-lgbt&aqs=chrome..69i57.4690j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8Pick your source, but do read the language of this anti-LGBT draft eo
Not really. You can say all you want about infighting and the right message but in the end republicans elected trump with pence on the ticket, and elected most republicans back into office, which lead to sessions as AG. What these people do is on your hands as much as anyone who actually hates gays and trans. You allowed this to happen. 
You don't. We will proudly distance ourselves away from the neofascists trying to lock us in death camps.
And a lot of conservatives don't think you belong either. It's the new version of the token black friend. They point to you and say See! They love Trump! Meanwhile they ignore that Trump got IIRC 13% of the LGBT community to vote for him. 
You're going to have to explain to me how the two are similar 
They've never read the Bible.
Can someone elaborate?
Don't you mean Two Corinthians?
But mother Theresa would definitely promise to ban abortion and gay couples. She believed suffering would get people into heaven and intentionally withheld treatment and painkillers for dying people.
To be fair, though, there is a lot of haha republicans/conservatives as well as there is haha liberals. Both sides hate each other and both talk shit about each other. Both are extremes and I think we could all get together better if people start moving more center. 
I would say it is. 
the democrats are centre-right there is no liberal/lefty libcuck party in the US
Don't assume the person above is male lol
Ripped right from his grinder account 
Yeah, now I can envision in his deep KGB past and upbringing, this sort of dirty trick could have been used with him, entrapped him into a situation where documentation is made of a compromising sexual nature, likely homosexual. But in Putin's case he managed to destroy such documentation and any resources even tangentially related to it.Come to now, he sees is it as one of his most powerful tools/projection mechanisms.
Emphasis on moon.
Why not both?
They are shitty, but, when thou doth protesteth too much, it's usually a deep rooted insecurity of which they are a part of.
It blows my mind that it was legal to rape your wife in some US states well into the 90s. That's fucking sick.
> They think men get the final say, and rape is impossible if you are married. Its basically Christian sharia, where women are better off hidden at home where they cant allow any men to rape them.That's actually not even close to what he meant, the quote was heavily taken out of context. Although what he was actually saying wasn't great either. He was saying that Liberals think everything is ok as long as there is consent, from weird BDSM stuff, to weird gay stuff, etc - and as an extreme prude he think these things shouldn't be happening, regardless of consent.
Well stated, thanks.
Kills me to see people bitching about protestors blocking traffic. Oh man, you mean people who refuse to be ignored are doing something you can't ignore? MLK would be appalled!
It's okay for the government to infringe on individual rights to ensure we're all homogeneous god fearing Muricans. However as soon as they try to regulate businesses they've crossed the damned line. What I find insane about this mentality is that businesses can have a dramatic effect on large groups of people and the environment, while personal decisions/lifestyles don't bother anyone except those who are so intolerant they can't stand the thought of a culture outside their own microcosm. 
The ironic ones are those who bitch and moan about big government and taxes but when asked about the military, borders, etc they will support a massive spending, massive support, and massive size regardless of the conflict with small government
Liberals aren't really a small government party. I say this as a liberal.
No, government healthcare is not small party. Let's not say the liberals want to be small government. The conservatives just also don't want to be small government.
Anarchism is directly opposed to liberalism, which is a capitalist ideology.
It's this right here. Rich people need a giant government apparatus to keep peasants from stealing their riches. This is why libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism are such failed ideologies. They all supposedly require no government except of course for the enforcement of private property and contract law.Between the military, private property enforcement, and contract law you've got nearly the entire government. So much for the anarchy part of anarcho-capitalism.
You say that as if they existed before Trump.
It's actually just a metaphor for controlling people's lives. /s
Couldn't agree more with the comparison
Wasn't weed legal before the scare campaign that black people were smoking it and raping white women?
It seems to me like it would be extremely sensible to legalize heroin so people stop dying from impure products and incorrect dosages.
Alternative facts. 
Seriously. It's like a kid saying and you can't say no! to their parents.Yes. Yes they can.
That's like if a liberal state banned all gun possession with a clause saying, regardless of any constitutional amendment. That's not how any of this works. 
It says in the bill... I went and lookedArticle IX: DisqualificationsSection 1. Whereas ministers of the Gospel are by their profession, dedicated to God and the care of souls, and ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their functions; therefore, no minister of the Gospel, or priest of any denomination whatever, shall be eligible to a seat in either House of the Legislature.Section 2. No person who denies the being of God, or a future state of rewards and punishments, shall hold any office in the civil department of this stateWow. That bill is page after page of WHEREAS <some bullshit> I'm at the part where it compares the supreme courts decision on gay marriage to the rulings on the fugitive slave act. Can you say shameless? Traitorous slave state assholes. 
From their perspective, it truly is an attack on their way of life. The sooner you learn your opponents view points, and how they truly see things, the sooner you'll be able to actually come to a resolution. 
Don't forget the Hearing Protection Act which makes it easier to buy gun silencers 
I feel more at home with a Canadian, a Brit, a Kiwi, an Aussie... or even some non-English speaking Europeans than I do with southerners.
> or you don't have any kids yet?! (I was 23 at the time someone said that to me lol)WTF???
haha i don't think i'll be surprised. those types of people are everywhere. i just want to be in a blue state! i've lived in red states my whole life
[citation needed]Honestly curious. I loathe the guy but I've not heard these two criticisms before.
So far, the party has shown a remarkable commitment to the ultra right wing. None of the current republicans are fighting the alt right. Their help cannot be counted on, they will not throw their hat into the ring unless they are guaranteed to win and boost their own position, otherwise they will continue to fall in line with the party. 
Eh, I saw the RNC openly applaud a gay man at their convention this year, and I saw their presidential nominee thank them all for supporting a gay man.Republicans are changing, and I think we should encourage that rather than this bitter pessimism in this thread.Trump is the first President in the history of the US to take office in support of same-sex marriage.  This is a man who, in the middle of a huge transgender social battle, said a transgender woman could use any bathroom she wants in his hotels.  I think that's really important.
Progressive here. Republicans don't hate gay people. There are conservatives who happen to be republican who hate gay people. Most homophobes tend to be republican. But it's wrong and not helpful to say that republicans hate the gays. There are plenty of republicans who don't give a shit at all about people being gay. And who see it as distracting from real issues and unamerican. You're totally right to be angry at the Republican Party for not booting those people from their ranks, but just saying all republicans hate gays isn't accurate and doesn't target the people who are actually hateful. Additionally, there are *a lot* of black southern democrats who *do not* approve of gays or the mainstreaming of gay culture. 
What would have been the difference if those people had been heterosexually married though? Business owners don't hire people based on whether or not they might have to cover spousal insurance plans. 
I really don't think that's the issue. Most business owners are more pro-gay than the rest of their typical cohort would represent. Plus while one business owner might now have to cover a gay person's spouse on the health insurance plan, another business owner just got to stop paying for the single policy of the other partner. Plus I think they just tend to have more exposure to gay people because they interact with the general public more.
They would have been covered under domestic partnerships previously, wouldn't they? 
and gay women would be relegated to lesbian porn for straight men. 
See, this is why I don't understand why anyone in congress could think the FADA wouldn't be ruled unconstitutional by SCOTUS. It literally elevates one particular religious belief and gives people the right to discriminate as long as they hold that one particular belief. What if I own a hospital and I believe the flying spaghetti monster told me in a dream that anyone who voted republican in the last election is immoral and I won't serve them in my facility. You can try to argue the sincerity of my belief, but it's literally impossible to prove that I'm not sincere.
Let's put it a little differently: Congress, by itself, can't change a SCOTUS ruling on con law. It would require a supermajority of Congress + state legislatures.
> Those are the kinds of areas that end up losing population over time though. That kind of behavior drives people away and doesn't entice enough of a younger population to move in to keep the place sustainable.Which is where someone like Trump comes in and promises to bring back jobs and whatnot.
>It's terrible short term for those people, but do you honestly think that kid is going to grow up with that kind of mistreatment and hang around there as a persecuted adult?   No, but depressingly often they escape by killing themselves.
What group has been in power here in the U.S. and has been trying to limit my rights for the past 50 years? 
Mods are biased though.
And it supports yours.  Incidentally, I never see any opinion pieces here that are pro-Trump.  You people are so ridiculous, but I have to hand it to you.  The magnitude and pace of shit posts from all of you is incredible.  Keep it up.  It's entertaining.
That's literally an entire page of fringe groups with no sources parroting each other.I mean....do you actually have a legitimate source?Usually its  a bad sign when your reply to a request for source information is Google it! as its a red flag that you don't actually have a legitimate source, which is being reinforced by the first page result of google.
Liberals are associated with being anti gun and Republicans are associated with being anti gay.  Neither necessarily true or indicative of the individuals.  But the associations are know and pretty strong. 
As the son of a Christian scholar and brother of a pastor, I say this from firsthand experience: Christianity has over the course of 2000 years developed complex and subtle ways to subvert most teachings of the Christ and substitute it for whatever the fuck they want it to be. So, quote any scripture you want, it doesn't matter, they'll find a way to brush it off. 
> They've never read ~~the Bible~~.FTFY
> Matthews Ch 6 & 7https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+6It's all pretty relevant, but this is an interesting bit, edit: This is Jesus speaking, btw:> 14 For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. 15 But if you do not forgive others their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+7&version=NIV> Judging Others7 Do not judge, or you too will be judged. 2 For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.> 3 Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brothers eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye? 4 How can you say to your brother, Let me take the speck out of your eye, when all the time there is a plank in your own eye? 5 You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brothers eye.
And which side is currently using power to repress minorities and LGBT people?Words aren't equal in power. Bashing Trump supporters doesn't lead to the President personally harming people through an executive order. The 'haha liberals' sentiment does.
You are really looking at our current situation and coming away with You know, both sides are bad?
No, no, no no no no no. The Democrats are already a center party. There is nowhere to go but further left.The conservative right is wrong about nearly everything. Their economic policies don't work, their social policies don't work. The conservative right is about keeping rich people rich. That's all. Single payer healthcare, strong social safety nets, and environmental protections are left wing ideas.
> I think we could all get together better if people start moving more center.Election reform is step 1, here. Two-party systems, especially deeply polarized ones have a hard time getting less extreme on their own.
One side doesnt make policies that hinder the human rights of the other side tho.  So fuck all you conservatives who constantly stunt progress.  
Consensus is overwhelming in terms of there being no difference in children who are raised by same-sex or different- sex parents, University of Oregon sociology professor Ryan Light said on Tuesday. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-gaymarriage-study-idUSKBN0P32AM20150623
If theyre not male the cool, still happy for her. What do you want? 
*Da, tovarisch*, if you like what you see, call 1-900-HOT-BEEF for wholesome Slavic sexy time.
And look at how many religious figures and politicians (overwhelmingly Republican) that have had strong anti-gay rhetoric, only to be caught soliciting favours from male prostitutes or similar actions. 
Everytime anybody says or does something homophobic almost this entire site jumps onto the notion that they're secretly gay. Some people are just homophobes and pretending that all of this major homophobia comes from closet cases ignores homophobia and its roots. For every Ted Haggart closet case there's twenty-five folks saying the same thing that don't secretly want to be spitroasted.
That's how Trump got away with it. He is a literal rapist.
It's still legal in South Carolina, the last US state.
That was his main point, yes, but... if the left ever senses and smells that there's no consent in part of the equation then here come the rape police... He clearly has a problem with consent. 
With a bit of luck, his life was ruined forever. Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars, men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things hell never know.  -HST
I was speaking to a Michigan state republican representative at a town hall event and he was railing against the EPA and other regulations on businesses when I asked him what he thought of the union carbide bopal chemical disaster. He looked me square in the eye and said it never happened. What can you do? 
These are also the people who live in fear of Sharia law, though when given the chance to enforce their religious views with the power of the state are the first to line up.
We call those people useful idiots. 
I don't get why people car so much about size of the government, its not like you can even really measure size of a government objectively - is a government with more agencies bigger than a government with few agencies but less concern for privacy and civil rights? Its not like civil rights make a government bigger or smaller. The Republicans just use small government as an excuse to let big money interests do whatever they want without consequence. Id love to have a big government with lots of agencies and high taxes if it uses its power to protect the environment, fight climate change, ensure civil liberties, and makes good use of social programs that improve the life of all its people. There's nothing appealing to me about a government with few agencies, few employees, and lower taxes if that government is only going to kick back and do nothing while income inequality gets worse, people can't get basic medical needs unless they're wealth, and our environment gets completely destroyed and land gets sold off to anyone who has enough money for it. Its already ridiculous how much we spend on the military and foreign aid, and the so-called small government republicans have no right to say they are if they are fine with how much we spend or think it needs to be more. Lets just spend as much as it takes to be safe from invasion and whatever costs are needed to protect our allies in situations where it is absolutely necessary. That money would be much better spent on education, research, and actually taking care of the taxpayers.
Both liberals and conservative want small government in some ways and big government in others.   Except only one of the parties brands themselves as the party of small government. 
liberal isn't a party
They were until FDR, really. Jefferson is the spiritual predecessor of the Democratic Party after all, and as we all know he was against the federal government having too much power.But that was in pre-industrial, agrarian America, where the average person would have been a farmer, merchant, artisan, etc and the only way the federal government could really affect them was in harmful ways. A central bank that would indebt Americans to private bankers and foreign powers, a large standing army, and an aristocratic system of government were what the Federalists (conservatives) wanted at the time (and things modern liberals are still against) so it makes sense that the common people would be against this.In a post-industrial America with an established Federal Reserve and a military, liberals realized that in order to protect the rights of the average people they needed to use the federal government to stop robber barons, industrial titans, and bankers from running rampant over them. Hubert Humphrey in 1948 said (and this is heavily paraphrased) that the Democrats needed to ditch their states' rights rhetoric and focus on civil rights for all Americans, and they made the pivot into what they are today.This is all highly simplified because I'm on the bus and don't have my books with me, but Democrats indeed used to be the small-government party and still are in certain ways.
Never met a single politician that was small government and that includes the right and left.
They want small government in the areas that oversee business practices. Small enough to be powerless against a corporation that wants to do shady shit. Military, they want it big, telling people how to act right, they want big. 
I don't see healthcare as a big or small government thing. It is a common sense thing.  Healthcare has no business in the hands of those trying to make a profit. 
>Between the military, private property enforcement, and contract law you've got nearly the entire government. So much for the anarchy part of anarcho-capitalism.You're god damned right.
Jesus, 4D chess champion
Also do you ever get curious as to why we call it the spanish word marijuana instead of the english word cannabis?
Ooh, that's a really good analogy. Do you mind if I steal it?
> 2. No person who denies the being of God, or a future state of rewards and punishments, shall hold any office in the civil department of this stateHoly fuck, they're actually attempting banning Atheists and non-Abrahamic religious from holding office? 
I understand these people very well, and I am completely confident in saying that they absolutely do not view it as an attack on their way of life. This is just the narrative that they create in order to try and make their behaviour morally justifiable; casting yourself as the victim against aggressors is much easier to swallow than hurting people because you were brought up to hate them.
There is no resolution with these people.
We have understood their side for years because we have lived under its rule. The only resolution satisfactory to their side is total obliteration of ours. This liberals just don't understand middle America and that's why they lost meme is disingenuous to the point of being insulting to anyone who lived through 8 years of George Bush. 
This point of view only makes sense if they believe that their laws and government are somehow in some form on the same level as God. It's like the absolute height of vanity.
> From their perspective, it truly is an attack on their way of life.The emancipation of slaves was an attack on Southern slave-owners' way of life. There is no compromise with people's rights.
I think it depends on the southerner honestly. You can say yes ma'am all day long and still be an asshole. Anne Braden seemed like a nice enough gal and she was a Mississippian so-as much as a generalize there are nice open minded southerners out there. My mamaw (great grandmother) has never said a bad word about a single human being in her life. Her beliefs might be conservative but I've never seen her treat anyone differently because of that. She was raised on a farm with a big family in the early 1900's Christian, white female. I don't know how she was raised to become such a loving individual but it works. 
Likewise. And I've lived in South Carolina my entire life.
Umm where I worked and lived it was fairly common and somewhat assumed you were married by 22 and had kids by then. I do not think I looked old by any means (I was only 23 after all) and I was checking in a guest at the time and we were chit chatting about something to do with his own kids and he goes oh how many kids do you have? And I just laughed and said none I'm not married kids are a long way away and he goes don't wait too long you should have kids soon. Hmk 
It's definitely a game changer. My boyfriend did not believe me when I told him there were daily anti Obama commercials when I lived in the south. Now I see things like Women's Health Clinic, rainbow bumper stickers (not ripped off) people driving and talking fast. I do miss things like Waffle House and cheer wine, but the bars stay open in Sunday's and liquor stores stay open on Sunday's so it's a pleasant experience so far! I wish you well and hope you enjoy it! 
He talks about lesbians being fake and just needing a good dicking on his podcast quote often. 
I would link you the the tweet, but well... I think there's a YouTube video of him telling a lesbian she doesn't exist but I haven't watched it.
He said those things. We have evidence he's doing the exact opposite. Fuck what he says it's what he does in this case that matters 
Yeah, and a few years ago they openly booed a gay  active duty serviceman at a GOP debate. They've gotten more politically savvy, but their views haven't changed. I know that because their policies haven't changed. 
I agree that it's really important that we have a pro-LGBT president, but Trump is not that. Actions are a lot more powerful than words, and his entire cabinet is anti-LGBT, openly. 
Depending how you define in support of
Like I said, obviously not every republican feels that way. However, in their national party platform it said, We condemn the Supreme Court's ruling in US V. Windsor, which wrongfully removed the ability of congress to define marriage policy in federal law.Also in their platform, as you might expect, are several passages touting the virtue of small government. Now, what possible reasoning could there be for such hypocrisy? It seems to me that preventing gay people from getting married is the least important issue for congress. Maybe  if their belief in personal freedom was genuine they would allow it. What reason would they have to fight tooth and nail to prevent gay people from getting married while also claiming small government works best if there wasn't a personal vendetta? To answer your last point. Yeah, I know there are segments of the black population who feel the same way, and they're fucking idiots, too. 
It's also part of the reason why when you go into an interview for a job, the interviewer legally cannot ask you if you are married/will marry or have/will have kids. It's discrimination. 
They're not grossed out by the heterosexual couple, but they'll never admit it. It's something something morals something, that's why. 
Don't think about large corporate businesses.. think 100 employees or less. 
Yea I don't buy that line of thinking at all. The push against gay marriage is about religious people trying to force their views on others who don't foster those same beliefs. 
As far I as I am aware, companies don't even *have* to provide coverage for dependents or spouses. If that is true, and it's such a strain on businesses to provide for same-sex spouses (I seriously doubt that providing spousal coverage for an additional <4% of people would be that big a strain, though), they could just stop providing that coverage. 
No, doctors and nurses weren't allowed to let the people come back in the recovery rooms and HIPPA made loving care impossible for same sex couples almost. It def didn't allow them to be covered with health care.
I always had to pay a fee for our domestic partnership benefits, before our marriage was recognized on  federal level.
And trans people would just be in a zoo.
Yep. And even before Obergefell, ~3/5 of states had legalized gay marriage. That's a very uphill battle for the anti-gay-marriage crowd to fight.
And then he doesn't and they rot.
> Incidentally, I never see any opinion pieces here that are pro-Trump.Might that be because there are very few pro-Trump opinions swirling around?
Are you replying to the right comment? It's like you didn't even read it. But I guess you're a trump supporter so reading must be hard.
> Incidentally, I never see any opinion pieces here that are pro-Trump. Yeah, this is reddit. We don't owe Trump supporters a pedestal to push their fuckery. If you want a pro-trump circle jerk then go find you a nice conservative board to play on. The idea that you find it ridiculous that we don't give your mentality a safe haven is cute. We don't owe you or your shitty ideas anything. 
Legitimate sources aren't just the ones you agree with.
I grew up in the church and I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt that many Christians worship [Supply Side Jesus](http://imgur.com/gallery/bCqRp). 
Plus when you consider that the story of Jesus is actually told four times in the Bible, so it's actually about 25% of the size people remember it being. Paul actually has more influence on the foundation of the church than Jesus.
I don't think their using power to repress minorities and LGBT necessarily has to do with those groups being liberals; many minorities and LGBT do not identify as liberals. It has to do mostly with two things:1) Religious beliefs. No surprise that majority of Republicans (particularly older ones) are very Christian and view homosexuality as bad, thus they try to repress LGBT people through various means (as we've seen with South Carolina, for instance). 2) Old school beliefs and racism. Older people grew up during segregation and times where racism was much more prevalent than it is today. Many still have their racist beliefs ingrained into them, thus their reason to repress minorities. Now a third reason that is a fairly major reason is because of political party affiliation. A large number of minorities and LGBT identify as Dem over Rep (not all, obviously). So the Conservatives' repression of minorities is related to them trying to lessen the oppositions potential for winning elections (make it harder for minorities to vote and that lessens your opponent's chances of victory). I'm in agreement with you regarding the conservatives. My point is just to engage in critical thinking so people don't just take things at face value, and they actually think about and understand that there are always two sides. Critical thinking will get rid of tons of bias, misinformed individuals, and overall create a smarter and more aware society for us (which is what almost all politicians do NOT want, from both parties).
True but that is vastly more complicated than just teaching and preaching awareness and critical thinking. You can have 10 parties, but if 45% of people still align with D and 45% still align with R, then it doesn't matter. We need to break the view that it is D vs R and to think critically and be skeptical of views until you find one that is compelling enough with evidence/strong arguments. Too many people read/watch Fox/CNN and many other heavily biased news publications and immediately believe what they read without reflecting on it and looking at other sources. Another part related to election reform is the whole party affiliation regulations (eg. If registered as a D, you must vote D, if you register as independent then you cannot vote in primaries). That shit is just obstructive. 
Interesting article! I meant to say that having a mother figure is more beneficial than not having one. 
...nothing?I was just pointing out that there's no need to try and back track to say heterosexual couples can be great too, the person you responded to wasn't necessarily trying to argue that. They may have just been sharing their experience as a homosexual parent as well (if they are female, which they may also not be).
Ve can drink Vodka and kill bear together
That was just the devil temping them. Luckily they all rebuked the temptation and are good Christians now. What's that, you mean other definitely straight men aren't tempted to seek out gay prostitutes all the time? 
I give Mike Pence a year or two before he's busted.
I dunno. There seems to be those that are just hateful people, but a lot of times when people go over the top and get very vocal against something it's because they are partial to it and want to keep epolle from seeing that.
Lol the rape police are just the regular police, rape is a crime. Fucking idiot
Those are the comments of a man who has raped at least one person in his life...
That was technically about drugs, but I'll allow it.
You respond, just like the Holocaust, right?
You bring pictures next time, or a big sign for all to see.
Treat them like fascists and the enemy of all free people and fight them like they need to be fought. 
Yeah, we need highly restrictive, archaic, faith-based, anti-equality-centric laws to protect us from the impending implementation of Sharia law! Don't ask questions, this is what you want, trust us!
Useful? They have few used outside of voting for any guy who mentions military and borders in the same sentence
Thinking of it as left and right is the problem. Generally speaking the left wants the government to regulate business and not people and the right wants the government to regulate people and not businesses. Statists want the government to regulate both people and business and libertarians dont want the government to regulate either.  http://www.ptpk.co/uploads/1/3/1/0/13106268/_5853137_orig.jpg 
Jesus Christ, the original Donald.(Sorry Christians)
Run with it!
>casting yourself as the victim against aggressors is much easier to swallow than hurting people because you were brought up to hate them.This. It's not doing anything to them in reality. It just burns their britches that it's being *allowed*, tolerated, even celebrated. They've just got a major ass rash over it.
There could be, actually. Get the government out of marriage altogether. The government no longer grants marriage licenses, but civil partnership licenses. Any two people living together can get one. Then if people want to get married, whatever that means for them, they do it privately and separately. This entire debate is people arguing about completely different things because marriage is an umbrella terms that refers to any cultural ritual in which two (or more) people bond for life. That last bit is the only consistent portion across cultures.So when you have a conservative christian saying two men can't get married, well, they're absolutely right. *For their cultural definition of marriage.* And therein lies the problem. Everyone is arguing about different things because of the use of the word marriage. 
Reeducation comes to mind.
It's not just about whether southerners are assholes or not, it's just culturally...
thank you :) and yeah, the south is awful. I grew up in an air force based town in Georgia south of atlanta. not too small but not big by any means. some people here are so narrow minded, ignorant and proud to be. i hope a blue state like new york offers something more positive
Exactly. Republicans realized they can quiet liberals by not being brash about their contempt for gay people, and still satisfy their base by denying LGBT people rights. 
We're worried that businesses with less than 100 employees are suddenly going to be bankrupted by needing to provide coverage for all of their gay employees' spouses? I think companies of that size should probably be able to take the costs of Mary in Accounts' partner on the chin.
So a business where maybe 0-4ish employees are actually gay? Seems like that is not a real source of financial drain. Of course the likelihood of something doesn't doesn't necessarily reflect how some people will prepare for it.
I work for a company with 10ish people and I can tell you that they didn't hire me because I was gay and couldn't marry legally. In fact, I've been working here ten years and I don't think they know. I pass pretty hard, to the point where men in the street still ask me out even at my age. Women don't, though. Bummer.When I was hired I probably looked like a young woman who would eventually pop out a baker's dozen. The subject of my sexuality and marital status never came up in the interview, though. It was just stuff about routing and switching. I mean, it's fucking absurd to suggest that gay marriage is a problem because employers don't want to cover benefits. Yes, it's an expense where there might not have been one but every employer has to assume that expense will be there (because they don't know that the person they are hiring isn't already straight\married\kids and legally they *can't ask*) regardless. 
You absolutely could be covered, but that was up to your insurance company to offer it.
Was it a fee on top of the premium? If you're covered for free now, you have a great plan.
Free housing and food is a little too generous for a conservative. 
Nah, bruh, cause Trump supporters are the silent majority, so all of those same-sex states are obviously secretly assholes who want to control other people's rights to marriage.
Well, an amendment won't happen, not a chance in hell.That said, the vast majority of those states had marriage equality via court decision, not democracy. So legalization shouldn't be conflated with popular support.
Doesn't matter, got votes
Go to hell.  I'm pretty certain my educational background and career experience far exceeds yours.  And yes, I did respond to the right comment.  You know, the part that said Ah, because it doesn't support your narrative.  Not necessarily a Trump supporter, but I want him to succeed and I want this incessant crybaby shit to stop because it is not helping the country.  But perhaps you're too obtuse to see that. And from your recent posts, it's pretty clear you are militantly anti-Trump.
Ha.  This is the sort of shit that makes me laugh.  As shown on the Cal-Berkeley campus, you all can't handle an opposing idea, and you have to respond with vulgarity, ad hominem and condescension.  That didn't play well in the last election, and it won't going forward.  And here's a thought - why call it r/politics, which suggests political discussion?  Why not call it r/wereabunchofwhinylittlecommunistsintraining? r/wethinkweknoweverythingdespitethefactwehaventexperiencedmuch? of r/snowflakehaven?
No they're the ones that actually provide sourcing.The fact that you guys cant provide one is now becoming very evident...
20 shekels for everyone who votes for me!Goodness, this is a great caricature and a sad reality.
I've always like this [Jesus vs Jeezus](http://i.imgur.com/Ybpx2mn.jpg) comic. Hardcore Christians never seem to have a good response to it.
This just made me sad, lmao..
Right. Each of the gospels does have a bit of info that the others don't have and tell the story from different perspectives (Jesus the servant, Jesus the son of God, etc), but it is truly Paul who is responsible for most of what is considered orthodox Christianity. I've told my brother that while I love Jesus I will not let the opinions of personally troubled individuals such as Paul or Augustine define Christ for me.
So your first two reasons speak to my argument about power. It's been said ad nauseum, but some people view equal rights, equal opportunity, etc, as a zero-sum game. If Latinos or a lesbian couple get more rights and opportunities, then that must mean right are being taken away from Real Americans^^TM , or middle-class whites. Obviously, that...isn't how this works, but that's the feeling (I won't get into a feelings vs facts diatribe here). So, if its a zero-sum game, and you feel threatened, you try to curtail those rights in order to keep your power.Your third point gets back to my haha liberals sentiment (though also touches on power cause elections and stuff). I personally use this as shorthand for the type of person that believes that *politics* are also a zero-sum game. So if the liberals get angry over something, as a Trump supporter one should be pleased because that means their side must be doing something right. One of the driving forces behind Trump was that he wasn't politically correct, that he told it like it was, and wasn't so conciliatory (or I guess cowardly would be the more likely way it would be put) toward our enemies. Since that didn't sit well with Hillary supporters, that must mean Trump is the real deal etc etc. I do agree that this shorthand doesnt exactly help with the critical thinking and getting past blind partisan hate, but it does do an adequate job of describing the attitudes of Trump supporters at this moment. Since I used to be in the GOP until this election (though that was more me trying to push a boulder up Mt. Everest to get the party to go back to the one of fiscal responsibility and efficient government and not reactionary culture war BS), I've heard this sentiment for years. It's going to be a tough one to shake when Trump was pretty much the Republican's id bursting forth after 8 years of a measured Obama administration.EDIT: My superscript swallowed a comma
That's how they spin it, and that's how they get forgiven. It's a sick cycle.
He does kinda give off that vibe, doesn't he?
They target us because we don't breed and because we're condemned in nearly all religious texts. Its all political maneuvering, it isn't that hard to figure out. We serve little purpose to an autocratic or militaristic society while making very good scapegoats for the leaders of those sorts of societies. Its really basic stuff.
Is there no murder police?
I mean, have you seen Limbaugh? I can't imagine that anybody voluntarily has sex with him.
That's whom they're useful to
Very well put. I get so sick of hearing the left or right like you can't have any opinion outside of those options. I just want to have a couple guns, everyone to have healthcare, religion to play zero part in politics (abortion rights, LGBT rights, etc..), help people that need it, a national security policy that isn't based on making me believe I need to check under my bed every night for Radical Islamists and a clear tax policy that doesn't favor anyone (I'm sure there's more, but you get the gist). No side will ever be happy, but our inability to compromise without saying haha, we still won is extremely frustrating. 
Well libertarians are thankfully irrelevant so we can ignore them in these discussions. 
However, corporations are inherently non-individualist and as legal abstractions exist only as extensions of the government.  ['business' and 'corporation' are not necessarily equivalent]If you think small business and individuals should have liberty that has a far more credible claim to freedom than the belief that giant corporations should have the right to dictate to individuals.Corporatism is just a rebranded statism by proxy.
Eh. I think that oversimplifies it. To me it's a question over what ideals you prioritize most,  and how government can be used to uphold them. 
Its not what he does, it is what is in his heart.
Even if you could get government out of marriage and just issue civil partnership licenses (this is a monumental, move Mount Everest task in and of itself), I really don't think conservative christians would support same sex civil partnerships. They have generally pushed back against civil unions and domestic partnership laws.
And then you'd have them complaining that gay people are getting the benefits of marriage. They don't want gay people to be together legally.There isn't compromise with these people.
You can't re-educate someone who never received a quality education in the first place. They were never taught how to absorb new information.
Right! The culture exists and it's not very inclusive but that doesn't mean ALL southerners are a reflection 100% of their culture. I remember moving from Texas to PA in highschool and a kid (in PA) asked me Texas?! So you voted for George bush, where's your horse didn't you ride a horse to school? And even when I first moved from Georgia to Indiana I was teased heavily of my accent and my use of the word ya'll and I really hated being from the south because of all the stereotypes that come with it. And slowly I lost my accent (ok well according to my family I did but according to my boyfriend I still have one) and I also became ok that I was from the south and realizing not everything is black and white. But yes culturally things are tougher in the south, and society requires some form of assimilation. You just gotta take the good with the bad and figure out what can you tolerate. Don't get me wrong I will NEVER move back down south. EVER. 
Ha! I grew up in a slew of town in South Georgia. Visalia (little miss onion seed 1993!) hinesville (for fort Stuart cuz my mom was a military kid) Douglas waycross. Even visited Savannah a bunch cuz that's where my aunt and uncle lived. It's nice to visit the south and pay homage to the roots but yea living in a blue state is different. I'm outside of Chicago now and just knowing protests were going on and the constant babble of local politics is refreshing-people aren't as anti intellectualism up here and if anything really encourage people to be aware of what is going on politically at a local level. 
The way it works at my company, they'll give me domestic partner benefits for my fiancee, but I pay tax on that as it's considered extra compensation. When we get married, I won't have to pay tax on it.
Damn, you're right. That actually would be a pretty sweet deal....I volunteer for tribute. 
George Soros paid them all to support gay people clearly /s
Popular support is somewhere near 60%.I think we all know who that other 40% voted for just a year or so after Obergefell.
The crybaby shit is the outcry from Trump's edicts, sorry, executive orders. Everyone of course *wants* him to succeed but we can't just sit here and hope. When he makes bad policy choices, or he's thinking about bad policy choices, people are going to get upset. Good on you for having all that experience though, maybe use it to be a little less of a dick. 
>I'm pretty certain my educational background and career experience far exceeds yours. And yes, I did respond to the right comment. I was kind of supporting (the idea that opinion pieces shouldn't be allowed on /r/politics) you until this. Don't be part of that dick measuring contest.
[squock squack](http://i.imgur.com/zkkOT0y.jpg)
I'm all about handling opposing ideas, I'm just not about your incorrect perception that you deserve some sort if anti-bias protection when you are on a liberally leaning website. It's called r/politics because it's the subreddit for redditors to talk about politics. 
Multiple credible, mainstream outlets have reported it. If OP was making some obscure claim then sure, he should source it for you. If it's something you could find with a three-second googling, then that's on you. You're either very lazy or, more likely, just don't want to see it. 
[Doug Ford defends himself after handing out $20 bills to constituents](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/doug-ford-defends-himself-after-handing-out-20-bills-to-constituents/article15920479/)(He's was a city councillor in Toronto at the time. He's the brother of celebrity doofus mayor Rob Ford.)
That's incredible. Definitely over the top, but an important statement that I think too few Christians attempt to address. I know firsthand how much it SUCKS to address your own hypocrisy, but I think that a lot of conversations would be more constructive if approached from a critically introspective perspective. Also, Introspective Perspective would be a killer album title. 
Some sanity.  Jesus was cool, Paul can get fucked.  Or he can't I guess.  But he needs to.
That's the fatal flaw in religion though, everyone gets to decide how to define it based on their own values & morals.  Hence why angry people believe god is vengeful, peaceful people believe god is loving, etc etc etc.  God has always been made up in our own image.
He's very well groomed. Almost too well...
Exactly. Let me shoot my guns, then get high and sleep with my husband.
In America, Libertarians are basically just Republicans who worship big corporations and the 'invisible hand' instead of big 'Murica and AR-15-toting white-skinned Anglo-Saxon Jesus. Considering most of them are dishonest cowards who vote Republican in every election, they're basically just two flavors of the same shit pie.
We have plenty of Statists pretending to be liberals and conservatives and almost no Libertarians. Its almost like when you get into power you don't want to give any of it up. 
>They don't want gay people to be Is all you needed.
I google anti LGBT eo and get results from towlereload.com , theadvocate.com , thefader.com , lgbtanation.com , americablog.com , heavy.com , thenation.com , and a wikipedia article for Executive Order 13672 . Those are the sites that take up all the results on my first page of google. Which of those are the credible sources? Almost all of them have the word rumored or reportedly in their title making them no more than unfounded gossip and opinion pieces like the opinion piece this thread is about.
Yea there is literally nothing mainstream about googling this at all.Its actually just a full page of tabloid garbage. So again, what source?The fact that its been like an hour with several commenters and literally not a single source really speaks volumes here. If it really took 3 seconds i would have assumed that someone would have linked it. I mean you took longer to reply that it should supposedly take to source this.Lets face it.There is no legitimate source.
Libertarian Socialism, however, is entirely different and exactly what we need.Edit: I encourage everyone to watch Requiem for the American Dream on Netflix!
Maybe you should work on your Google skills. 'Executive order LGBT trump' returns WaPo, politco, abc news, NBC news. It's not my problem no one ever taught you to Google gud. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
DeVos: if god didn't love those children enough not to make them disabled, why would we disrespect his judgment by educating them?
I am hearing impaired and have been since birth. I was afforded every equal opportunity and in some cases had to work harder than others just to keep up. My education is and was valuable. While my form of a disability is not as pronounced as others and not as limiting, I understand the value to IDEA and importance to future students. My education has allowed me to have a good job and a Masters in Public Health. I will always support and advocate for students with disabilities. That being said, this will not be tolerated by parents and you will see a swell of criticism and anger towards this administration should they see their child being treated as less and receiving less.
As a Special Education teacher, I am morally and legally bound to IDEA. So for the federal government to remove resources that would jeopardize my job and commitment to my students puts me in an almost impossible position. Giver her confirmation hearing and beliefs, my best guess is she is going to take the oversight for IDEA away from the federal government and place it solely with the states. This would mean that a child with a learning disability could be treated entirely differently in Arkansas than California. Her confirmation is fucking devastating for public schools, but especially for marginalized students including students with disabilities, LGBTQ youth, ELL and students in poverty. Shame on this massive regression. 
 And soon kids with disabilities will disappear, back to the middle school basement, back to the auxiliary trailer at the back of the high school parking lot. Sitting in their basement at home with lost hope for the future. The fight that has been fought since the 50s may be lost under this administration. If you voted for Trump, this is on you.
Conservatives are just plain evil. There's no denying it, no way to argue they're not and no way to defend any of it. 
My cousin has a disability and needs special accommodations in the classroom, yet had one of the highest ACT scores in the state.  My Aunt and Uncle are terrified about what Betsy DeVos being in charge of education will do to him. The guy is crazy smart, yet without the special accommodations for his disability, it's going to be very hard for him to be successful in his schooling. 
I went to middle school and high school with a girl who was 95% deaf. Basically, she could her sirens and alarms and you could kind of yell her name or hey or something to get her attention. She read lips and spoke, so with a sign language interpreter to fill in the gaps when she couldn't see people's mouths, she was able to attend an everyday public school. She also happened to be the smartest person I've ever met in real life. When I think about DeVos and this bullshit, I think about this girl. She came from a working class family. He dad was a truck driver and her mom was an LPN. She was able to learn lip reading and signing and how to speak all from public funding. Her interpreter at school was paid for by the school. If none of that had existed, our society would have missed out on her talent and her intelligence. We would have missed out on what she gives back to all of us. Kids aren't costs to minimize. They're assists to maximize. 
My mother is a teacher to specializes in teaching both physically and mentally disable students. I asked her what she though about this and to paraphrase, As an educator who works with children with disabilities, this is only going to make my job that much harder. That website was a fantastic resource for teachers and parents alike, to ensure their children received the help they needed to succeed. This is not good. 
I can only hope that it's down because they're updating it now that there's officially a new Sec of Edu. But it wouldn't surprise me if we never see it again. 
What a fucking evil biatch
God should not be taught in schools. God does not exist. 
> disabled kidsThey sound expensive. Why would she want them in schools?
Given the testimony the Devos provided during her confirmation hearings, I have little doubt that this isn't deliberate. Unlike Trump, I would expect that Devos has been preparing for this position and knows exactly what she is doing.
Take that, disabled kids!Can't you feel how great Trump is making America again?
This woman is as bad as Trump in every regard, but more cunning in her thought process. Her littler *charter schools* to enhance God's Kingdom! Hah-hah~ bullshit is going to fuck over disabled kids, not just for a few years but for *generations*. Just because you are disabled doesn't mean you aren't intelligent, doesn't mean you can't contribute something.They're taking away an opportunity because this woman's religion dictates it and she got everyone else to agree because she's rich.The only satisfaction I think I could possibly get from this is watching her, Trump, Pence, Ryan, McConnell, Flynn, Spicer, Conway, the whole lot of them being escorted out in handcuffs. Maybe one of them getting tazed.I don't think I have ever hated a bunch of people this much until now.
Just euthanize them, who cares right? Horrible, just horrible what is going on rn.
Looks like parts of it are back up.  The main page got changed, and instead of helpful explanations there's direct links to legal text.So despite 'Technical Difficulties', they're still able to change content around.Wonderful._____Anyone have an internet archive link?  I'm having trouble getting Wayback machine to work.
This article is an example of horrible, reactionary journalism that we need to avoid.  [The DoE says that the website is down for maintenance.](https://twitter.com/usedgov/status/829333971183955969?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)  Use your pitchforks for something else.
Let's force them to give birth to a disabled child, then not educate it!
My wife is a special education teacher.  She works exclusively with children who have learning, physical & spectrum disabilities.  The IDEA act is her whole existence.  For the federal government to do ANYTHING to try and hinder the education of children who need the most help is unbelievably shameful.
This is exactly why Tim Kaine was asking about equal accountability. 
I mean, there's evil, and then there's fuck over disabled children evil. Even comic book villains wouldn't stoop so low.
c'mon.... I don't like that DeVos was confirmed by the Republicans (against the overwhelming will of the people), but to imply that she had something to do with taking down a website for disabled kids is a big leap at this point.  Propagating stories like this is the opposite of helpful to a moderate or left-leaning cause because it's just more noise.  These far right extremists feed on this stuff.
I'm 30, but as a teen I was diagnosed with lupus. If my high school hadn't accommodated my need for more absences for fatigue and Dr's appointments I would have failed and never graduated. It saddens me to see that other disabled students may not be afforded the same care and accommodations to succeed in an education environment. 
Sometimes I wonder what there is to gain by making it harder for disabled people to thrive in society. What kind of person would make it HARDER for a disabled kid to get an education? That's just sick.
I thought most news org title guidelines called for a different voice when talking about things like this AKA children with disabilities instead of disabled kids
[DeVos, probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DENCBZF0wd8&feature=youtu.be&t=22)
Don't get all riled up yet, they might replace it with something better!
The Bible can help us figure out what actions DeVos will take next. Notably the old testament. Plan on studying it soon.
Can someone ELI5 what the point is? I can see religious nut jobs wanting to deny LGBT kids rights, but what's their reasoning for this? Is it a money thing?
Didn't the same thing happen whenever a department was taken over?
Sources of info on IDEA to share with parents and advocates:http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/idea/http://www.wrightslaw.com/idea/http://www.yellowpagesforkids.com/
If Jebus made them that way, they're not disabled.
I'm a special ed teacher at a public school, so I'm triple terrified for the future of my job.
Oh, sorry, it's true, i forgot the nazis also targeted the disabled.
Yep. Thats right people. Trump is going to literaly euthanize the disabled...... lets all take a deep breath
Truly insidious. If this keeps up, one day all government info will only be extolling the virtues of orange hair and skin.
Educating those with disabilities means they can take better jobs than menial labor jobs, where they can be paid less than minimum wage due to laws that let them pay the disabled at a rate lower based on what they feel a normal person would be able to do. That's what this is about.
Is the website back up? 
This is terrifying.  My fiancee is nearly ready to give birth to our son and I'm so worried about the state of education in the US.  I can barely imagine what it could look like by the time he's ready for kindergarten.  And if he does have some sort of disability, it's terrifying that he could be excluded from getting the things he'd need to succeed.  I can't even imagine the horror people feel who will be directly affected by this moron becoming the Secretary of Education.
Attacking disabled kids. Real classy. 
This infuriates me. 
This article is straight trash.  In plain text it says it disappeared before she was confirmed and before she arrived at her post.  Not sure how you can really defend the fear mongering of the article.  I think devos is a lose for our kids but let's not be ridiculous here, she has to have taken her post before she started calling shots
more fake news?
There's no place for the defectives in the new world order. Inferior races, sexual deviants, mentally damaged are the first on the list.  Edit: heh /s 
She supports accountability.
This is preventable problem and a good argument for pro-choice.
I can't tell if this is an actual quote. 
Hitler would agree
If God wanted gays to get married he wouldn't send the Grizzly bears to attack schools
'You will see a swell of criticism and anger towards this administration'Seriously, if you want to piss someone off, mess with their kids. Or the job they use to feed their kids. This kind of stuff is what will really turn large swaths of people against Trump.
Having a decent special education class has helped my autistic nephew tremendously, in fact because of it he's now attending regular classes. I really hope people can stand up to this, it is not okay to target individuals with disabilities!
So the trump administration is going after handicapped people now. In the Holocaust, the handicapped were the first to go, even before the Jews. Trump is not Hitler. But he is definitely fascist. 
> That being said, this will not be tolerated by parents and you will see a swell of criticism and anger towards this administration It doesnt matter if they wont even consider the possibility of voting outside a little R
After this election, I learned never to trust the sentiment of this is the thing that will finally bring Trump down. Poor Republicans who depend on Obamacare voted Trump. Farmers who depend on NAFTA voted Trump. Kansas, which tried trickle-down that blew a hole in its budget and resulted in schools so underfunded that a court declared that underfunding unconstitutional, voted Trump. They may make all the right noises, but at the end of the day, Republican voters bend over, pull their pants down, and vote R. 
Replying here for visibility,[It's not permanently offline, just down due to server issues.](https://twitter.com/usedgov/status/829333971183955969?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)[Credit to /u/chipotle_burrito88 for being the first to point this out.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5tfthc/website_for_disabled_kids_disappears_as_devos/ddmdy7r/)
She can't do that, not until Congress changes the law.
Have to keep red state kids stupid, and drive out families with LGBTQ kids. Prevents them from becoming swing states in the future.
> If you voted for Trump, this is on you.The people who voted for Trump chalk this one up as a win.
From de-institutionalization to re-institutionalization... MAGA!I only hope DeVos's cluelessness mitigates the damage for a while. In the short term, when it comes to Special Education I'm more concerned about cuts to Medicaid. School districts get reimbursed for services like speech and occupational therapy that are delivered in the school setting.
That's pretty optimistic. You should look up YouTube videos about a school called Willowbrook State School. This is what special education looked like prior to the implementation of federal laws like IDEA, and it is pretty grim.[Here is a snippet from a very famous expose.](https://youtu.be/QL4FIC7Cozo) 
Reminds me of somethinghttp://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/the-man-in-the-high-castle/images/5/54/Screen_Shot_2016-07-30_at_3.35.54_PM.png/revision/latest?cb=20160730203055
on me?  finally devos will let us to eat the food we wanted. michelle   obama's diet plan sucks. 
I grew up conservative, but I'm moving more to this view as the days go by. They've become unhinged extremists.
I'm convinced that they worship the actual torture and murder of Jesus, not following the teachings. He was poor, after all. 
why should my tax dollars pay for disabled kids, their parents just have to work harder  /s^^ the fucked up thing is people think that way
What? I'm conservative on many respects (not all obviously). Am I just plan evil?
i disagree.
bookmarking this. this is one of those statements that /politics swears never gets said when the mods bring back the occasional civility sticky.
Right...
Did they vote for HRC?
I really want to cry after reading your comment. I work as a maintainer and we had a deaf worker from environmental engineering come in and asked us questions about the volume on the engines. She spoke slow and a bit awkwardly but she was well spoken in regards to her word choice. She was sweet and liked her job. I hope it all becomes better soon.
Just like all the pages that got lost on the Whitehouse website during 45s transition? 
[It is down for maintenance.](https://twitter.com/usedgov/status/829333971183955969?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)  
I sincerely hope you are right, but as /u/lizzardx mentioned, the trend does not look good.
can you prove that God doesn't exist?
Fun fact: the first people the nazi's exterminated were disabled kids. They argued that they were an impure and expensive drag on society.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_euthanasia_in_Nazi_Germany
There was a movie about that happening in Germany Nebel in August . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Is7NkBOn758
I can't tell if you are joking or not
>  I have little doubt that this isn't deliberate. How little doubt? I'll offer a bet if you want? If the website goes back up at some point in the next week you owe me $1000. If it stays down for the next week, (i.e. February 18th), I will pay you $1.
A website does not go down for four days for maintenance. 
I assume they will upvote the news article that it is back up?
We shouldn't try to educate people past their capacity 
Website is down for maintenance, somebody before devos did this as the event occurred before she was confirmed.  Spare us the outrage
There's debate and many members of the community prefer disabled or autistic over person with X. They argue that it's similar to saying gay person instead of person with gayness.
People-first language is the term for that.  It's meant to highlight the individual initially, with the impairment being secondary. 
It doesn't matter who took the down. The issue is WHY?! 
Well you are just a bundle of joy and love aren't you?
And bear safety
To her bank account
No it isn't, ignoring the eugenics aspect of what you're saying, not many disabilities can be diagnosed prenatally, not to mention kids that become disabled after birth.
Because kids can't become disabled after birth?
I wouldn't be surprised
It isn't but it shows how scary it is having her in charge when that is a believable quote 
This sums up the last few weeks.
I don't believe you. And if so, it is sad that the rhetoric has been amped up so much that you genuinely can't tell. Read real news sources, not r/politics.
I can't believe how many Hitlers appeared over night in America. It's crazy!
This is far too logical for the GOP. Try adding something about emails. 
If god is the one sending the Grizzly bears...should we be keeping guns around to shoot them?
Don't they know that inbreeding causes mental disabilities? They're alienating their base.
That is what the guns in school will be for.  To shoot the Mama Grizzlies.  But we'll go out loud.  :-)
>swathsI believe it's spelt swatchesEdit: Okay apparently the reference didn't land. Trump used the words vast swatches of land instead of vast swaths during one of the debates
You're buried you should pm a mod
Haven't you heard? Rules no longer apply
Agreed. She can, however, attempt to slash OSEP making IDEA national oversight effective useless. At this point though, I have a hard time believing that congress wouldn't bend to will. 
That won't take long.
Yeah uh, don't depend on institutions. Congress could honestly not give less of a fuck.
Rep Chaffetz is introducing a bill to get rid of the Department of Education. 
Can we call it the kick baron to the short bus movement?
You're not wrong. Ive been seeing a lot of references towards calling the disabled, parasites by these ring wing extremists. They would be happy to have them exterminated if it would save them from paying tax money. Because in their eyes, other peoples kids are worthless scum. Now, if 'their' kid was disabled... they'd expect it to be different for them because of course they're not the filthy welfare abusers. 
they aren't conservatives anymore, they're extremists. 
Exhibit A is people who got really, really excited about The Passion of the Christ (49% on Rotten Tomatoes). I'd rather watch The Last Temptation of Christ (82%).
They believe people must suffer like their god. He is after all, one of the only gods who actually physically suffers. To them, suffering makes you *most* like the image of god. I went to one of those snake handling churches in Appalachia for one of my religious studies classes and holy shit, it was fucking terrifying to see children up front while grown ass adults were handling venomous snakes. They fully and totally believe that suffering = closeness to Christ and honestly, most Christian theology believes the same thing, only with less snakes and more making the poor bear the brunt of the pain. Because god is a jealous god who engages in retribution and OBVIOUSLY if your circumstances are shitty, maybe you need to pray a little fucking harder. And they generally won't say it to your face, but deep down, it is truly what they believe. 
I can still remember when I was in high school and a friend and I were at a town event and overheard this man talking about an upcoming referendum vote for our local school district to increase taxes by a tiny amount to add funding to a few things including special education. This guy, with a straight face, said he was voting 'no' because his child with special needs was already guaranteed a personal aide, so he didn't want to have to pay more in taxes for something that his kid already had.We were absolutely stunned that someone could be so selfish. He clearly saw the advantages of such programs, but literally didn't care if no other kid than his own got to benefit. I was young then though, and am no longer shocked when I hear things like that, just continuously disappointed.
To be clear, having conservative viewpoints, no that doesn't make you just plain evil. Unfortunately to go along with the current conservative agenda, (much different than it was even 10 years ago), or identifying as a conservative currently, yes, pure evil in my opinion. I'm 57 years old, used to agree with many conservative ideals. They've gone completely off the rails to the point of absurdity and deserve no support whatsoever. As a couple of examples, the party of responsibility, takes responsibility for nothing anymore. Repealing the ACA may cost over a trillion dollars, big deal, we don't care. 
Okay, defend this then. I've researched her history and watched her entire confirmation hearing, where she refused to state she would enforce existing laws designed to ensure disabled students get adequate accommodations for their disability, as is required by federal law.  She could have just said yes, I will enforce the law. Now, they've eliminated the website. Go ahead, I'm all ears.Edit: punctuation
Yes. They took Trump mocking that reporter like a slap in the face. 
What difference, at this point, does it make?
Looks like the link to the judicial branch is back up on the main page. Small victories, I suppose.
Could everyone get this higher up please? There's no need to panc.
Can you prove that God does exist?
>can you prove that God doesn't exist? Either way it shouldn't be in schools. God or no God, evolution is fact and deserves to be taught in our education system. Unless we want to fall even further behind Korea and Japan's superior education system.
I think you are both kind of missing the point.  Believing in God is about Faith.  If you could prove/disprove his existence then it wouldn't be Faith, it would be science.  And Faith doesn't belong in public schools because it is ultimately something deeply personal. Edit: a word.
Can you prove unicorns don't exist? No, but I think you have a pretty good hunch they aren't real.
That's like the least fun fact I've heard today.
We North Carolinians thought it was a good idea. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics_Board_of_North_Carolina
These days people are so sickening I wouldn't be surprised if OP isn't joking.
Are you unfamiliar with how betting works?
That's a strange bet to offer; Why would I bother with a wager that only offers me $1. Even if my doubt was based on incontrovertible information, your offer wouldn't be worth considering. Furthermore, the website going back up isn't sufficient evidence that taking it down wasn't deliberate. It would simply be a surprisingly responsive action from a person (Devos) that has so far shown little interest in listening to anyone concerned with education. All the same, your sentiment is clear, and we simply disagree on a subjective assessment. tl;dr; I don't trust Devos, and you trust her enough to wager a dollar in her favor. 
You would think so but check out the Porsche website and [how their store is down for a month.](http://shop3.porsche.com/usa/)  Until we know more I'm inclined to believe the tweet, the government being monumentally slow with tech is nothing new or unprecedented.
Yeah, sure that will happen since it has been [up since Thursday](http://www.kansas.com/news/local/education/article131641734.html) after being offline less than a day.Then they wonder why people have such little faith in journalists these days.
as taking an ABA psychology of exceptional children course this is it exactly 
She supports accountability.
Her body her choice. 
The argument isn't that we should eliminate all disabled children, the argument is that empowering women will keep their numbers at manageable levels. We're already making progress in this area.
Calvinism is one hell of a drug. 
> It isn't but it shows how scary it is having her in charge when that is a believable quoteThat's a horrible standard of proof. If people are gullible and emotionally charged, it shows how scary someone is? Obama must have been SUPER scary, because right wing lunatics thought it was believable that he'd use the military to attack them. And attributed all sorts of quotes to him.I think the fact that it was believable (and I don't think the user is being honest there, but if so), points to how hyperbolic language has gotten. I'm a moderate and would never in a million year have guessed that she said that. It's literally incomprehensible to me how someone could think that.
If you would have told me that she said guns should be allowed in schools that have a history of grizzly bears I would have thought that was 100% fake. But here we are.  
They've always been there, you guys just started giving them power for some reason. Economic anxiety, I guess?
We have the best Hitlers, folks, believe me.
Ill never understand the people who get swastika tattoos and actually identify with being a nazi, that's just cliche bad guy in America. I think it's less about believing what you say but they say it because it's the only way their existence is acknowledged
Hitler was inspired by several American social policies.
Also Benghazi and that Obama is a Kenyan Muslim atheist Marxist
no a 'swatch' is like a fabric or paint sample. It might be spelled 'swathes'  tho.
That's a dark path to set upon, and it only gets darker down the road.
Alternative rules 
Yeah repealing IDEA is just the kind of shitty thing the Republicans would do.
I think that's uncalled for. There are enough things to make fun of Trump and his cabinet about without resorting to picking on 10-year-olds and making light of disabilitiesITT: people who think they're on the right side of history, then diagnose a 10-year-old because he looks awkward on stage in front of the whole country, then constantly make jokes about it as if disabilities are something to make fun of
no. no we can't and you should be ashamed of yourself for it. 
He's a fucking kid, man. Show a little class.
Baron;s short bus is a limousine and the driver is probably an illegal immigrant.
They're just as extreme as they've always been.  It just took this long for most people to notice.
I like Buddy Christ, myself. I mean, just look at it. Doesn't it just. . .*pop*?
Also, the latter gets you an amazing soundtrack.
> Unfortunately to go along with the current conservative agenda, (much different than it was even 10 years ago)What do you mean by go along?
you understand that the ACA is inarguably a terrible piece of legislation destined to fail. it was never designed to last...
> Now, they've eliminated the website.[No they haven't](https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/osers/osep/osep-idea.html)> Conservatives are just plain evil. There's no denying it, no way to argue they're not and no way to defend any of it. > Go ahead, I'm all ears.No, you are not.I'll raise the question again. Do parents have a right to choose where their child is educated?
Good, it's nice to hear of other people who still manage to remember that blatantly offensive and cruel moment.
High-functioning on the spectrum here. That did it for me.
My girlfriend has a disability.She has a lot of friends with the same disability. Some worse off than her.Some of them still voted for Trump. They somehow justify it. 
Completely agree. All did you vote for Hillary questions should turn to make sure you vote these guys out in 2018
Only because it was noticed. They never would have put it back if they could avoid it. 
Never let that stop you. Panic. It's the thing to do, apparently.
I never said I thought god exists. You said god does not exist. It's on you to prove that statement
Yes.http://www.sacred-texts.com/chr/aquinas/summa/sum005.htm
I completely agree. I was calling him out for stating that God doesn't exist like it's a fact.
> Korea and Japan's superior education systemWell, as far as results, yeah, theyre superior. But theres a reason depression and suicide are high in those countries, and the education system is one of them
that was what I was getting at. idk why he gets 9 up votes for saying god doesn't exist but I get 5 downvotes for asking him to back it up. he literally is putting faith into the fact that God doesn't exist and thats the same bullshit atheists love to call Christians out on
Then how did we get here? Why do we exist rather than not. it's as stupid of an assumption that God doesn't exist as assuming god does exist
Snapples really scrapping the bottom of the barrel these days.
California has you beat:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics_in_CaliforniaIn fact, we *inspired* the Nazis in their Eugenics program:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_eugenics#Origins_in_the_U.S._eugenics_movement
> Why would I bother with a wager that only offers me $1. Even if my doubt was based on incontrovertible information, your offer wouldn't be worth considering.Yes it would. If you tell me you'll give me $1 if the sun rises tmow, I will absolutely take that bet, no matter the odds.>tl;dr; I don't trust Devos, and you trust her enough to wager a dollar in her favor.What? No, I disagree about the probability of events happening. Nothing to do with trusting or not trusting someone.
And even less faith in r/politics.
It absolutely is not up right now. 
Does that include Trump?
[I understood that reference!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoS9Z6p_EM8&#t=3m23s)
I'm talking about the first part of your comment, because it literally isn't a preventable problem unless we start killing disabled kids, not just abortions
Two of us! Two of us!
It's incomprehensible to me how an elected official can go into a formal meeting and call another official (or regular person) Pocahantas.  And yet that's happened, along with many other instances of similar behaviors -- as a result, if someone were to come tell me that this official has gone up on national television and called someone an Uncle Ben or told a female official to go make him a sandwich, I would find it *believable*, because there is reason to suspect it's true.  (I would then look it up.)DeVos IS horrifying because she has an established track record of doing things and saying things that would make this quote seem plausible.  Obama, on the other hand, never did ANYTHING or said anything to ever suggest he would pull off a military coup, or anything even remotely close to it.EDIT:  I admittedly will have some bias concerning DeVos and her agenda.  I am Christian, and grew up in a heavily Christian and conservative community; I have heard, with my own ears, Christians stating things like, If this person is poor, it's because God made them that way as a punishment, and we shouldn't help them.  Being familiar with such statements, AND DeVos's clear agenda to increase religious education, I could find this quote to be EXTREMELY believable.  
I would believe it as she's the woman who tried to use grizzlies as an excuse for guns in school and couldn't definitively answers if disabled children deserve equal education.          As someone with a severely disabled brother who's schooling is now not only at serious risk but so is our health care provided by Obama. My family would be in massive crippling debt had she been in charge when my disabled brother entered school.        She's also admitted that money is why she's there and expects a return on investment. She's only there because she was paid to be there. 
I wouldn't guess that she said that, but honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if she thinks that, if not about special needs students, about some other underprivileged group, like poor children. 
>MURPHY: Do you think guns have any place in or around schools?>DEVOS: That is best left to locales and states to decide. If the underlying question is>MURPHY: You can't say definitively today that guns shouldn't be in schools?>DEVOS: I will refer back to [Wyoming] Sen. [Mike] Enzi and the school he was talking about in Wyoming. I think probably there, I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies.That sounds fake to you?
I've always been dumb-founded by Slavic Neo-Nazis, like do they know? 
It's incredible how they screamed on every rooftop for 8 years that the dude was a Kenyan Muslim Communist. I can't even begin to understand what alternate reality these people live in...
It's a reference to something Trump said and Samantha Bee mocked in her can Trump read video
He meant swatch, like the Swiss watch brand.
It is. It scares the shit out of me that it's what seems to be happening.
We'll have to light a few fires to see.
There is a bill to end the whole department ...
Would do? They are crafting the bill to remove the Dept of Ed, effectively ending funding and oversight for IDEA.
Agreed, there's no need to make fun of a kid. Not Barron's fault he has a terrible father 
When they go low, we go highRight....
You mean the next school shooter? 
What what age did his other shitty kids become valid targets?16? 18? Never?
I don't know how other parents of kids in special ed feel, but trump and his friends are targeting my son. So I got no qualms about retaliating in kind. 
Right, comparing anyone to Bannon is uncalled for.
At what age did all his other kids hit when they magically turned from innocent darlings to endangered animal killing machines and sweat shop operators?
Aren't we just showing as much class as when they came for the Obama girls, or Clinton's kid?
Or younger people are noticing...I'm in my 30s and believe me, I've noticed for some time, now. Though, I'm not sure extremists is the right or most productive way to label the problem, here. The problem is that American conservatism is, in economic terms, merely about I got mine, fuck you lolololololol and always has been. Mix in a little fundamental Christianity and simmering racism (with tons of defensiveness about the racism), and you have the modern GOP platform since it's inception.
intransitive verb.../... 3 : to act in cooperation or express agreement <go along with the crowd>
Yea he is. He's literally asking you to defend not supporting equal education for people with disabilities. You just said he's not willing to listen and never have him a chance. Go ahead and defend it
Had you read the story, which I'm sure you consider fake news, you would have seen this: The new website lacks much of the information previously available, the senators wrote...The original website is indeed gone. https://www.idea.ed.gov  I'm on mobile, so can't view a cached copy, but the Internet Archive shows the new version is significantly different and does not include the detail of the previous site.I see you chose not to address Devos' absolute refusal to answer the simple question: Will you enforce existing laws to ensure disabled students get the accommodations currently afforded them under Federal law? So easy, a first grade public school student could answer it.Then there's her entire history which you also chose not to attempt to defend, since it is indeed, indefensible.
Nothing appears when I click here:https://www.idea.ed.gov
Haha. 
lmfao that's your proof?
You haven't addressed the inequity of your only risking $1 to my $1,000. In the betting industry, such payouts would imply that your side of the bet is less likely to be the outcome (high payout) and mine is more likely to be the outcome (low payout).Beyond that, you also haven't clarified how wagering on a subjective perspective is in any way sensible. Nor have you made any sense of concluding that the DOE putting the IDEA website back up says anything about the intention behind taking it down.If you are attempting to provocative or confidently contrarian, you are failing to do so in any rational way. And, I would not still bother with a $1 bet, even for the most certain of issues; The amount itself speaks for its significance as worthwhile.
She supports accountability.
Well not yet, [but innovations](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/02/170203115628.htm) are still being made and soon the screening processes will become much more accurate and precise. There are academic arguments for infanticide, seems a bit extreme in my view but I believe it could be the next pro choice frontier. I guess we'll see in the coming years, but as our society becomes more progressive it's reasonable to presume women's options will expand. So while it might never be completely be preventable it certainly can be largely curtailed with innovations in science and granting more autonomy to women to make their own choices.
> DeVos IS horrifying because she has an established track record of ...saying things that would make this quote seem plausible.What's the worst thing she's said?
> I would believe it as she's the woman who tried to use grizzlies as an excuse for guns in school and couldn't definitively answers if disabled children deserve equal education.And you don't see a difference between that and>if god didn't love those children enough not to make them disabled, why would we disrespect his judgment by educating them?I'm not sure what to tell you. That's orders of magnitudes different.
As out of context as my statement sounds to her answer, she still, avoided the answer. I watched the hearing in its entirety. I'm sure she believes guns should be allowed in schools as it would be up to their discretion since she is heavily pushing their privatization.   So back to your comment about what I should believe... yes for a second I believed that could have come out of her mouth.  If we have a good portion of the population believing in the bowling green massacre, 3-5 million immigrants voted illegally or a pedo ring is in a D.C. pizza shop then I'm allowed to speculate for a second that some outlandish shit has come out of that women's mouth.  Can you give me this one?
Wooshhh...over my head i still don't get it
That would take effect in December 2018.... ensuring that if the democrats were able to take control of the house in 2018, they wouldn't be able to undo the damage.
Taking the lead from the new administration
Oh, Jesus. That was a pretty good joke (albeit wrong, as most jokes are,) and you fucked it up. This country's first homeschool shooter is the phrase, by SNL writer Katie Rich. 
When did targeting actual children suddenly become OK? This isn't how we win this battle, and I call into question anybody who thinks the proper response to attacks on special education is to start using being special ed as an insult.
I think when they actually started doing shitty things?
By your own logic they are now perfectly allowed to target your own child, that's all that comes from they acted so I can act retaliations.Also, I'm upset that my special ed child is being targeted for being special ed, so let me use being special ed as an insult to innocent parties is... Idk you tell me.
They were talking about Barron, Trump's 10 year old son, not Steve Bannon.
At what age do black children become criminals, committing murders or breaking & entering into peoples' homes?At what age do white children suddenly snap and shoot up their schools, or some churches?Does that mean we should stop caring for them, and guide them in the right direction? Absolutely not, and if you think we should then you are part of a broken system.
So you want to stoop to their level?
If you are referring to the current *administration*, I still think that's quite broad. I disagree with most things they are doing and how they are doing. However, there are certain things I'm in favor of. Go along with an agenda is very vague.
No one is arguing equal education for people with education. Devos said she wants more school choices for special needs students. Doesn't the parent have a right to decide where their child is educated?
> Thank you for the opportunity to more fully explain my position on the importance of protecting the rights of students with disabilities and ensuring that they receive the quality education they deserve, she wrote Tuesday in a letter to Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.), a member of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP). DeVos went on to write that she is eager to bring a sense of urgency to enforcing the federal law, as well as to providing students with disabilities more school choices.[Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/education/wp/2017/01/26/devos-says-she-will-protect-students-with-disabilities-but-advocates-arent-convinced/?utm_term=.31229e6feadc)
Did you even click my link?> The servers hosting our idea.ed.gov website are experiencing technical issues.
Lol, it's so reassuring to hear this as the only response.
Haha yes, thanks for the riveting counter argument.
You forgot the doesn't
Making their own choice also entails the choice to not abort a fetus with a disability, and again, people become disabled after birth
Look up some of her quotes and decide for yourself it's all subjective.
It wouldn't shock me if her reasoning behind not being able to answer if disabled children deserved education because of that.       I have family members who have told us that. 
I think it is a reference tohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LFkN7QGp2c@ 5:25 - 5:30
Lol. That's the exact opposite of the meaning of that phrase.You shouldn't need to take the lead from anyone. That's the point. They can go low all they want, we were supposed to stay better than that, not stoop to their level 
Apples and oranges, genius.  Trump's adult kids actually did this, to a person, except for the kid he had with Maples.
Okay, I'll be more specific. The agenda of dismantling the ACA with no concern for the disastrous results, trying to overturn Roe v Wade, defunding PP,  trying to reverse marriage equality, confirming completely incompetent cabinet members (Devos, Perry, Sessions, Carson to name a few), denying climate change, wanting to dismantle the EPA, continuing to subsidize fossil fuels while demonizing alternatives, wanting to sell off public lands, destroying Medicaid and Medicare, privatization of SS, further tax cuts for corporations, unlimited, and unchecked military spending. Not smaller government, not fiscally conservative... I could go on but I'm too angry and frustrated.
What things do you disagree with?
Let me simplify this for you,  yes. would have been the appropriate answer to the question she was asked during her hearing.The Washington Post article you linked, really doesn't help your pathetic attempt to defend her. Surely you're aware what, better left for the states to decide means? Eh, probably not.
Far out, sounds like someone spinning their answer to say nothing at all. I guess that whether or not to educate special needs kids is pretty controversial though.
Let's see if it ever goes up again.. 
Im just saying, You people always have the worst sense of actual philosophical argument. I'm not judging your belief. I just think it's silly. And religion shouldn't be in school. It never works out. Religion is a choice. Proper education shouldn't be. 
I don't need one. Your joke was very funny, but this is r/politics and it's not a place for silly stories.
<smiles bigger> She supports accountability.
Well yeah that's what pro choice means. But the same way women who live in poverty shouldn't have an unwanted pregnancy forced upon them neither should a disability. If a woman feels she can not financially and/or emotionally provide for a child that should be her decision to make. 
> Look up some of her quotesI did when I read that and couldn't find anything remotely as bad. She said she thinks government sucks? That was about it.
Nope. Didn't work. Time to try a new tactic. 
So we're just going to pre-decide how this child will act? That's not how it's supposed to work. A person gets judged on their actions, not on how they haven't yet behaved. So far in his public appearances, the boy seems docile and, quite frankly, bored, like most children would be at such events.
I'd argue Sessions isn't incompetent....he knows exactly what he's doing.
Trade policy, immigration policy, Trump's penchant for picking individual battles and ignorance of separation of powers. Inability to organize staff. etc etc
I didn't link the WP article because of its message. I linked the article because it provided a quote.She also wants to provide students with disabilities more school choices. What do you have against that statement?
What is wrong with a parent wanting to choose where their special needs child is educated?
Why would it never go up again? Because the Republicans hate kids with special needs?
How about this one?Using the unusual example of a school with legitimate wildlife threats, DeVos refused to absolutely outlaw guns on school campuses. I would imagine that there's probably a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies, she said, referencing a Wyoming school. Needless to say, bear attacks aren't a commonplace school threat.
I'm not opposed to trying some less savory tactics in order to even the playing field, but come on. Making fun of Barron isn't remotely constructive. Literally nothing good comes from that, it just makes you look like an asshole.
I'm in favor of using the Republican playbook.They can't con firm SCOTUS appointments without us.I say we block all of them until 2020 so the people can have a voice.
What are you really fighting for then? Do you actually care about the disabled? Minorities? Women? Or are they all just pawns to get votes? 
So you're pro-GOP but anti-Trump?
Because more school choices means for profit charter schools. They're a proven horrible idea and the ONLY idea Devos has. (Besides using Americas schools to build Gods Kingdom). There is tons of research that shows how horrible they are. See: Michigan, for a great example, but don't limit yourself to only that. There's plenty of other excellent examples.
Not having the money to move to another state and being in a school district that doesn't guarantee the proper education, maybe?
Not because they hate them but because Republicans don't believe their money should go to helping others in general. They're all about themselves. 
Our desire is to confront the culture in ways that will continue to advance God's kingdom. This one particularly scares me, as she like many in Trump's new government seem to pretty openly mix church and state priorities.
> Needless to say, bear attacks aren't a commonplace school threat.I have no idea about this random Wyoming school. But sure, even under that interpretation, I don't see how it's remotely close to saying that disabled kids became that way from god and don't deserve education. They aren't even remotely in the same caliber.
Nobody cares if you look like an asshole. That's not what matters, this last cycle is proof of that. 
Yes. The left needs to push and raise hell until they get power and then bring the hammer down when they get it. 
And then they'll just change the rule to not require a whole 60 votes.
What a silly jump of logic you make 
I wouldn't say I'm pro-GOP, no. Pro and anti are way too general words and only encourage demonization of sides. I agree with some positions and I disagree with some positions. Politics needs to be policy focused, not teams focused.
So parents have no choice where to send their own children for education? 
You are under the impression I asked why doesn't everyone just send their kids to private or charter schools?Does a parent have the right to choose where their child is educated? That is the question. 
Right...
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The republicans are in for a rude awakening in 2018. Make sure to vote in 2018! The real power for change comes from transforming the House majority!
As someone who actually was involved in what death panels actually are/are for, this disgusts me so much.> Here's the problems I have with The Affordable Health Care Act. Number one, there is a provision in there that anyone over the age of 74 has to go before what is effectively a death panel, he said to screams from the crowd. Yes, they do. Yes, they do. It's in there, folks.> As protestors booed and yelled, he called them children. An unnamed woman spoke up at the town hall, saying that it is unconscionable for Akins to use this debunked line.I hope someone will hammer Bill Akins till he admits he's wrong.Edit: edit wurd
Millions with no insurance before ACA is the real death panel that Republicans never talk about.
>Here's the problems I have with The Affordable Health Care Act. Number one, there is a provision in there that anyone over the age of 74 has to go before what is effectively a death panel, he said to screams from the crowd. Yes, they do. Yes, they do. It's in there, folks.>As protestors booed and yelled, he called them children. An unnamed woman spoke up at the town hall, saying that it is unconscionable for Akins to use this debunked line.God *damn* these Republicans. The actual death panel is Congress.
Lies to his constituents then Calls them children when they boo. Typical GOP. 
Looks like the wool is finally thinning over people's faces. 
Pretty big blunder for the GOP. That's why you don't give a county-level 'secretary' the floor at an event like this. I wonder what the congressman's statement will be.
If they were children, they would have just believed your lie about death panels
We had death panels before the ACA so this is a lie. 
How dare he talk down to his constituents and call them children. Patronizing, demeaning, arrogant, and sleazy. Good for the people who stood up to him. 
The district where this took place went to Trump 70-30. This is what the GOP is up against. Their own base is turning against repealing ACA.
I don't understand.  I use this phrase ALL the time on freerepublic.com and Fox News comments and they LOVED it!
Clearly Corporate panels > Government panels
Looks like it's harder to spout fictional nonsense when Obama's not around to blame anymore.
the headline has a typo. it should be 'lie' instead of 'line'
Don't forget state and local, ground up.
Sadly, people said that about 2016
Except we'll be gerry mandered or illegal voting into losing. I'm losing all hope, the Republican party has all the power. I thought most politicians cared about their country, more and more I'm realizing the Republicans will do whatever shady shit they need to remain in power. We're fucked. USA 1776-2016 RIP.Edit: spelling
I work in this shithole county. They are eating the trump shit up. He can do no wrong to them. He could pledge to round up the jews and put them in camps and they would just spout off about what a good business decision it is...Looks like all 45 liberals in the county showed up to this meeting. 
Remember, the bird that landed on Bernie's podium was a HOUSE Finch!
He called his constituents children. The enlarge prostate on that man, who says that to his supporters. Oh wait I remember Trump calling McCain, who is a veteran, a pow, and a purple heat recipient; a looser and he doesn't like people who get caught. Seem on par for the republicucks.     
I wonder if that guy is just a complete lying asshole, or honestly thinks there is a death panel that decides whether to discontinue life saving care for the elderly.
So what are the death panels really? 
So, what are they for?
Being poor was the ultimate rationing device before the ACA.
Before the ACA, my wife's medical expenses cost us over $700 per month. On bad months, they were over $1,000. We couldn't get insurance to cover her no matter what job I had.    Thanks to the ACA, her medical expenses last month were $180. And there *are* no more bad months.    Oh and while we're at it, my dad hit the $3 million cap on his (very good) insurance in 2013. He's one of the people who got sick from Lipitor, a cholesterol medication they took off the market for killing people.    In 2014, that cap disappeared and they went right on with his injections. That is the reason he's alive today.    The ACA isn't perfect, but it saves lives.    Fuck the GOP. Just *fuck* them.   
you hit the nail on the head here
It's cool because you don't see those bodies piling up. /s
Or the folks that had insurance, went to the doctor for treatment, and their insurer decided it was too expensive and denied the claim and dropped their coverage.
If those millions wanted insurance, all they had to do was get a job and pay for it.  
How do we get these people to vote Dem? If they're this mad at GOP, I hope they stop supporting it.
Yes, they were called Insurance Lifetime Limits.
Absolutely agreed. We should strive to unite and take back as much as we can.
Virginia has elections this year!
Agreed. I think the difference in 2016 was a complete misunderstanding of what a protestvote would do and mean. If the left can get a large fraction of the same amount of people to vote for the mid terms...Trump will have the same amount of obstruction that Obama had. I truly believe the dems will move for impeachment if they become the majority. If it goes anywhere is a whole different conversation.
2018 doesn't have a shit candidate like Hillary to weigh down voters
If we take power back in 2018 we can offset that...districts are redrawn after the census. We need to unite and vote!
I'm lucky to live in one of the big metropolitan Pennsylvania counties that always goes blue. Where we'll win next year is unseating the oblivious house republicants in the battleground counties that he barely won.
Not a SENATE Finch?
Luckily for him, he's a party operative, not an elected official. Doesn't make that congressman look good, though.
I agreed with everything you said up until Republicucks don't stoop to their level. 
After watching the tape, he believes it. He's been told that 'alternative fact', and that the 'enemy' believes it's fake just hardens his resolve. Calling the locals 'children' is just a rage from cognitive dissonance (confirmation bias) boiling over.
Basically, most things that happen in a doctor office have billing codes attached to them. Ear wax removal, birth control counseling, hearing exam, etc. The ACA added a code for discussing end-of-life care. A doctor that talked to a person about whether they'd want to be full care or do-not-resuscitate in an emergency situation could bill and be paid for that counseling.How exactly that turned into death panels is a little over my pay grade. Edit: better werds
It's for accounting/time allotment.Lets say you have a loved one that doesn't look like their going to make it. This allows an official entry in bookkeeping/scheduling for you to sit down with the doctor to discuss end of life decisions. Yes, your provider's time is sliced this detailed. Without this official mundane entry it would be docked from their other duties/schedule.Times like that are rough enough on everyone involved, and they turned it into a horrible scare tactic. 
Non-existent
I'm guessing OP is something like an actuary? Basically decide the criteria for what treatment you can get. E.g. 74 year-olds don't get on the kidney transplant list cause they're 74 and there aren't as many kidneys as you want. They get dialysis instead. Also alcoholics won't get liver transplants cause obvious reasons.There's someone out there that has to decide these things (as well as which treatment plan covers it), that's the death panel. The scare from Republicans is that the government will create these death panels, what they leave out is that *they exist anyways*. And also they work for shareholder-beholden corporations instead of government that answers to the people.
Mundane time management.https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5thj1y/florida_town_hall_erupts_when_gop_official_spouts/ddmkuuk/
Unskilled worker gets $10/hr job. Makes $20,000 a year, roughly. His job doesn't have benefits. If he wants health insurance, there goes >30% of his salary.And before the ACA, he might not even have *that* shitty option if he had a pre-existing condition. 
Unemployment rates have never been zero in our history or anywhere on the planet. Full employment is a myth.http://historyinpieces.com/research/us-unemployment-rates-president
Yeah, those damn lazy liberal coal miners in Appalachia, you say all they had to do is get a job. They should get jobs doing fracking because cheap natural gas is undercutting their industry big time. Or maybe they can open a typewriter factory and a kodak film plant. Shame on these citizens for not pulling themselves up by their bootstraps and paying their own insurance. /s
As long as they don't have a preexisting condition
The people there are likely people who vote Dem anyway
Thanks. I know we had death panels since I testified on front of one to help a friend with cancer. 
Unfortunately, 2018 isn't a presidential election so we'll likely have shit voters who won't turn out
I going to, but I've just given up hope. In reality I just cannot believe the hypocrisy from the Republican Party. Democrats are stupidly honest, we're fucked.
I mean I agree with you but we all saw what going high won us
He should be voted out for believing it or lying.
Amazing.  
no
Don't forget if you're only making $20k/yr you're probably already spending most of it on housing and food.  
It's a troll. Just report and move on.
You're right. An argument frequently used by Republicans is, do these people not have jobs?, so I suppose it's not too far fetched to believe they're always working and never have time to better their lives/communities. Just work.
We need to fundamentally shift how we think about our democracy. Proportionally, your vote matters most at the local levels. Power should be concentrated as close to the voters as possible. That way when a mad dog gets into the presidency there isn't much they could do. 
Agreed overall. We have to remake the Democratic party from within to fight the republican's extreme wing that's currently in power.
I can vouch for that.
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Am I so out of touch? No, it's the constituents who are wrong.
This cracks me up. Right out of his party leader's playbook. People that disagree must be paid to disagree.:) His next line will be, the dishonest evil media made it up. Chaffetz is now officially in the Trump Zone
I would bitch, but my senator is Bitch McConnell. 30 years of voting against this piece of garbage, but he is still there fucking up everyones dreams. Go team R, you fucks.
**RIGHT** some protestors are going to drive ALL THE WAY to Utah, because they care so much about the problem of Chaffetz. Look at [THEIR SIGNS!](https://res.cloudinary.com/tpm/image/upload/c_fill,fl_keep_iptc,g_face,w_653,h_361/nw1yhaf9wdydme5vs2gi.jpg) Why would any outsiders who lived in say... New York care about **PUBLIC LANDS IN UTAH??**Huh?>they were trying to cause chaos because they don't like Trump Why would they bother with you then, Jason? Buy a clue, Cadet Chaffetz. 
Just like his President, he sees things that are not there.
More proof that Fox News causes brain damage, and that Chaffetz is actually an evil leprechaun. 
someone needs to canvas his district collecting signatures from people under a letter asking him to investigate the Trump administration and asking him to do his job.
Chaffetz was elected to serve *everyone* in his district, not just those he agrees with.  His bullshit whining about fake protesters is the sign of a coward and a corrupt asshole.Note he was all over Benghazi but he is completely silent on Yemen's failed raid, and completely silent on Flynn's confirmed ties to Russia.  Hypocritical traitor.
This is the problem with the fake news narrative that the white house has been pushing.  Now, any asshole can just make up some bull shit story when there is negative news about them, and claim the facts as fake.  It's really terrible.  The media has been decent about calling it out, but they need to be more aggressive on this.  Call lies lies, and remind audiences often of their lies. 
All registered voters who attended that townhall need to sign and deliver a petition/? Call the media. Don't yell and scream. Put him on the spot and make him answer to disparaging and straight up lying about his constituents.
I feel like this is going to piss off his constituents even more. He basically told them that they're fake, and that their opinions don't matter. And this is a whole new level of gaslighting. Every individual that went there KNOWS they weren't paid, but here is their 'representative' telling a bold faced lie that involves them. Everyone that was there and de-legitimized like that is woke as fuck now if they weren't before. Everyone there is going to tell 5 people what happened there. He just expedited the waking up of his own constituency. He would have been better off sweeping it under the rug in my opinion.
That's a lot of money to pay for about a thousand people's airfare and then for their time. All for a small townhall.
You custard-headed sack of rocks. 
> Chaffetz Said He Believes Town Hall Protestors Were Paid*Ron Howard, narrating:* They weren't.> Not From Utah*Ron Howard, narrating:* They were.
Gonna have to start carrying signs that say Unpaid Agitator or turn our pockets out when we protest. Something to push back against this narrative that every person fighting for their rights in their own community was planted there by George Soros. Terrifying.
Bold claim Chafetits, but can you prove it?
Protesting is a hallmark of American culture, you loofa-faced shit-gibbon.
I believe he has had a string of homosexual affairs with an underage prostitute named Pesto.Now, it is up to him to prove me false!!
News story that disagrees with me? Fake news.Lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million? Fake voters.Constituents are angry at me? Fake protestors. Sounds like the GOP needs a safe space considering anything or anybody that goes against their world view must be fake. It can't be because of the shit job they've been doing or anything.
Really Chaffetz? Whose payroll was that 11 year old who asked you about science on? Wouldn't that have violated child labor laws? Maybe you should investigate.
Are you fucking kidding me? 
its the contrails, they have adopted human form to learn the secrets of jet fuel and gay nanotechology
Paid protestor fallacy is how they are going to ban the right to assemble.
I believe his head is paid to be up his ass.
Chaffetz is the worst of the worst. And he's the one that's supposed to be investigating all his fellow Republicans. At least we have McMullin's opposition in Utah to offer some stability.
Yep, every single one of your critics is fake, bought, and brought in.This kind of paranoia and reality-denial is par for the fucking course with these scumbags.
The question is, is Chaffetz really drinking his own kool-aid, or just saying this so his other constituents dont wake up?
Mr Idiot you just provoked them even more.
How do you get paid to go around and protest right-wingers? Seriously I'm tryna get paid
What a Whiny Little Bitch, he can't even handle a town hall because everything he says is bullshit and he can't answer the simplest questions.
i wish they'd tell us where i can apply for this job, i keep looking and coming up with nothing. almost as if there's no such thing as paid protesters.
This guy may be the worst human being alive. Where do you even find someone this evil?
I wonder how many protestors hear when they're called paid professionals then reevaluate their positions and start siding with the one they were protesting against.  Or how many of their friends and family do.
This guy needs to be a high profile target for left resistance. We need to dog him, harass him politically,,follow him everywhere, keep the pressure and spotlight on him. Show America how much of a villain he is 
Fucking moron
Seems absolutely baseless
Unlike Trump, I don't really think that Chaffetz actually buys this. The guy is probably scared to death. But what is he going to say on record: All of my constituents hate me and I'm not going to change any of my policies? 
I feel like the same disease that's effecting Trump's brain is spreading rapidly 
If those people have any sense, they'll vote this motherfucker out of office. How many times can you vote against your own interests until you try something different? 
We've gotta primary and midterm every single Trump complicit rep. All of them need to go.
We underestimated the groundswell from the Right that put Trump in office. I'm thrilled to learn that the Right thinks the only resistance to Trump comes from paid agitators. They now underestimate us. To quote Montgomery Burns Excellent
Snowflake 
Of course he thinks that. He's being paid off to pretend he's a representative, why would anyone else be legitimate?
You B$ republican scambags can't believe when your own constituents and citizens are oissed at your lies complacency and non action???  Read your mail, and your emails, and your phones. What's there? More paid protestors?  Your policies are just that bad. Don't act so surprised and stop with these childish excuses. Your supporters aren't dumb enough for this. 
I mean..... If I can get paid to talk shit about republicans where do I sign up? What type of figures are we talkin' here?
No one correct him! Go ahead and think that your voters are all paid. Keep doing what you're doing all the way to 2018.
I wrote a harsh email to the President.What more do they want from me? 
This is the danger of the bullshit #fakenews campaign from the WH and the GOP.
Fake newsFake protestors
The party of personal responsibility 
The solution is voting.  Paid protesters can be ignored but losing a vote cannot, and it is of utmost importance for the people to show their representatives that ignoring the voters will end their political power.
He sounds like his ass is chafed.
Hey, where can I get me some 'show up and boo' money? That sounds pretty sweet.
So at about $1,500 per protester, documented republican claim for the cost of protesters,  and it looks like say 150 people so someone paid almost a quarter million to make Chaffetz look bad .... which of course is peanuts compared to the over 5 billion paid to stage the woman's march.
Another insane little Republican tool. 
Because he doesn't believe his fellow Utahn are smart enough to call out his bullshit? He must think his constituents are pretty dumb. This is the guy who said he would not be able to look his daughter in the if he voted for Drumpf
Man, George Soros needs to throw some money my way. 
There are 2 words we should be repeating over and over to the Republicans when they spout these statements:  PROVE IT.
Someone should ask him if he thinks Sandy Hook was staged by crisis actors. 
They dismissed the Tea Party initially too as not representative of the popular opinion.The resistance movement is 10 times larger and they're like NOPE THATS A FRINGE GROUP :| 
Remember, kids: money is speech, but only if it's *good* money that produces *good* speech.We need a term for bullshit that, even if true, points to hypocrisy and/or a terrible argument.My vote is for hipposhit.
I'm from Cottonwood Heights and went attended the High School (Go Bengals) where the town hall took place. People visit Cottonwood Heights to ski, not to protest. Those people were locals. 
Where do I sign up to get a check?!  I've been protesting for free like some kind of sucker!  /s 
The Republican party is so far out in left field that they can't even watch the game. No one is going to pay people to go to a town hall meeting. How absurd that thought is. Chaffetz is as far into crazy as the rest of his party. Think about it, if you wanted to pay people to do that, it would require at least 200 bucks a head. These protest are nationwide. It would require millions per week to get folks out. On the other hand, when any party pisses off as many people as the Republicans are these days, there will be millions of people wanting their heads. The next two election cycles can fix this bull sh*t.
Eh initially I thought the protesters went overboard and appeared as children. Now Chaffetz has taken the low road and one upped them in sounding like a child.This guy is a douche bag. He can say whatever he wants though. He is in a non-competitive district in a red state. His spot is so noncompetitive that his 2014 opponent, Brian Wonnacott (DEM), whom he beat by 50 points had zero campaign infrastructure and won the Dem nomination by default as the only person who threw his hat in the race. I actually stepped up redesigned his badly designed website for free for him. In the last election Chaffetz won by nearly 60 points. The only competitive district is the 4th. We might have a long shot at that in 2018 if we can make up 12 points against Mia Love.TL;DR is in one of the safest districts in America. GOP state house has gerrymandered the liberal Salt Lake City and Park City votes across all four districts. Hence, allowing douche bags.
Jeasus christ, how the fuck do all of these delusional asshats able to run this country? And how the hell did they get elected? Like seriously our congress/goverment is full of mentally deranged idiots that have zero grip on reality.. tbh if you put a bunch of 5th graders in congress they would be able to run the goverment with more ethics and more efficiencies
Peter Pettigrew irl. This dude is absolutely spineless.
Damn he is ugly
Such. A. Wang.
Guess we'll know the truth on election day
Chaffetz believes nothing.
This is pathetic and offensive.
Fine.  Let them be paid for the convenience of Repubs and their conspiracy theories.What about their issues and how do Repubs plan on addressing those issues.
Protesters need to make it very clear that they are local.  Maybe start making tee shirts that say things like Provo Public Schoolteacher or Herber City Grandpa.I know people on reddit love the screaming, but I'm not sure it plays well with disengaged voters or Republican elected officials.  The protester who has gotten the most attention is the teacher who went to a town hall for her rep with a specific question.
If anyone deserves to be beheaded and have his head put on a pike it's this guy 
Weasel.
This should be easy enough to disprove, right? 
Same bullshit we get from Gardner in Colorado. He won't even do a town hall though-- he'll only do telephone town halls.
Well then, I guess it's time that folks go to his meetings from Utah and waive their drivers license is in his face as they yell for his head on a platter.  
George Soros is the rights Emmanuel Goldstein.
And half of America thinks Chaffetz is a twat
Saw that coming. People can't possible be annoyed that you were evasive when asked by 12 year old if you believe in science in relation to climate change.
I still haven't gotten even a single email from Soros for protesting. I feel jipped :( Where's my phone?
So he is claiming that some leftist group did the same thing the right and the Koch bros did in 2009?
I don't think he deserves it, but he deserves a boot party. 
Then why not ask for a voter registration card or other proof of address before admitting folks? Seems like that would be very easy to verify.
Only republicans have that kind of money, the democrats send it all straight to Hillary's pockets 
I've made over $50,000 this year protesting alone! The democrats are putting my kids through college! Thank you so much for paying us protesters!!!
Great idea! Disrupt a town hall so that he will never again look for public input from his constituents, yay!
I'm pretty confident that a bit of digging would expose the leftist network of paid distuptors.Hillary couldn't inspire a bit of passion. Yet magically people using terrorist-esque tactics emerge instantly once Trump wins?
The party of personal responsibility, folks!  Except when it means accepting responsibility for:     * Protesters (Totally paid by Soros)   * News coverage (Fake!)   * Bad polling (So fake!)   * Fact checkers (Biased)   * Popular vote results (Millions of undocumented immigrants shipped in from Michigan)   * Lost state primaries and caucuses (Rigged!)   * Judges (The American justice system is *broken*)   * Retailers (Picking on Ivanka)   * Empirically proven public policy (Birth control will drive abortion rates up!)   * The Constitution (Separation of Church and State was more of a suggestion, really.)   * The debt and deficit (Wars and tax cuts for *everybody!*)    Etcetera.  
He doesn't even think they were his constituents. >Chaffetz said the crowd that filled the auditorium at Brighton High School in Cottonwood Heights and spilled over into a protest outside included people brought in from other states to disrupt the meeting.>Absolutely. I know there were, he said, suggesting it was more of a paid attempt to bully and intimidate than a reflection of the feelings of his 3rd District constituents.
People should organize a primary challenge against him. They have almost two years to find a good candidate and promote the fuck out of them in that district. Host lots of public events and get people involved.
They aren't constituents if they are paid and from out of state. /s 
upvote upvote upvote upvote upvote 
Very swampy.
You know whats sad? THIS IS THE GUY THAT IS SUPPOSED TO RUN THE ETHICS COMMITTEE... like really utah? You couldnt find ANYONE better than him? Seriously i cant comprehend
fwiw, the GOP lifted it from Russia
Even [Tucker Carlson](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/01/18/tucker-carlsons-surprising-much-needed-takedown-of-a-paid-protester-hoax/) can rip this to shreds.> His supporters were under the belief that people were getting paid to protest at their rallies, and thats just insane, Horner said. I've gone to Trump protests; trust me, no one needs to get paid to protest Trump. I just wanted to make fun of that insane belief, but it took off. They actually believed it.
I was there. Me and 6 of my family. We voted for Trump but not him. This slimeball is everything that's wrong with the establishment. We were not paid. I'm pretty sure he intends to run in 2020.Pretty sick and tired of my concerns being dismissed as paid because this scumbag is as corrupt as they come. 
>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.What a fucking idiot. How does anyone justify voting for this asshat? 
It works, though. Republicans will believe it.
So I'm guessing if/when he loses his seat he'll blame it on illegals?
Get a good primary option together?
He should be tried for treason when this all goes down
Mr. Punchable Face
Solidarity, brother/sister.
He still represents you. Make sure he hears your voice. 
He only won in 2014 because Democrat turnout is shit.
Utah's public lands are absolutely breathtaking. I've lost my composure when looking at Zion's beautiful landscape.http://i.imgur.com/S2LNk6y.jpghttps://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQQPO-jONotJhHWbKpbhSAhW6r9wXybj_nNcSlv7c1DiVV49P-pJQhttp://m.imgur.com/gallery/6HlxqI encourage everyone to go to Utah and see Zion with their own two eyes. 
The woman in the right of that picture is wearing an University of Oklahoma cap, so that's proof Soros was paying protesters and flying them in from out of state. /s
Chaffetz I did not know weed was legal in Utah
You're overall point is right, but people certainly care about public land from outside their state. It's not just the state's land, but the country's land.
He's intentionally lying because the same lie has worked for Trump. His base and the Republican base and Trumpoids can now dismiss all of this. He may also think saying this will make people feel like there is no point in showing up again because he says he doesn't believe they are actually his constituents.
IIRC the president early on and to this day pays people to show up.
they have to, reality is just to painful for them
No gold at the end of that rainbow. Just a chamberpot full of shit.
> evil leprechaun[Deal with it.](http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/bloguploads/leprechaun-hood.jpg)
Or constituents can send him letters and include proof they're from Utah- like their favorite jello recipe 
Canvas his district, register voters as Republicans and get them to vote against Chaffetz in the primary
>Ill never satisfy their desire to bring down Donald Trump. Ill never satisfy that. It will never be good enough, he said, noting that the president is exempt from conflict of interest laws and his business interests have long been widely known.>People are asking me to use the power of Congress to do a full-on fishing expedition to investigate him personally on things that are not required by law. I think my doing that would be an abuse of power, Chaffetz said.What a dickless dick
All according to plan.
Did you ever notice how when politician at any level gets a protest, or shout down how they always report that it was done by outsiders.  Must be that same set of phantom voters dreamed up by the president (lower case intentional).
The media started the fake news thing in an attempt to give HRC an excuse for losing. Staggeringly irresponsible.Edit: Allow me rephrase. The White House thinks they are pushing back against a narrative that Donald Trump won the election because Republicans read fake news. They are taking it back in their view, when of course they are personally engaging in fabricating stories almost every day. It was short-sighted to introduce such a broad, weaponised concept into the mainstream debate because it quickly lost its meaning on both sides and now it's just being used as a tool of authoritarianism by the executive office. 
> All registered voters who attended that townhall...should call his office and ask who is supposed to be paying them to show up. And then express their annoyance at being impugned and tell him they'll see him at the next one... and they'll bring a friend. 
That's a nice little news story right there. Plus there's tons of crowd scenes on youtube to back up who was truly there.
the petition idea is great and people should photocopy and havce notarized their registrations! and send that in a letter to his office :)  in the letter they should indicate they signed the petition!!
It doesn't matter, he'll get re-elected anyway.
It's just typical Republican bullshit. They simply cannot fathom doing anything productive without getting paid. Volunteering your time for the good of the country is not the Republican way. 
I read an interview where Chaffetz used the example of a town-hall participant saying something like I'm not paid by any national Democratic organization to be here as a reason to believe he was actually a paid out-of-stater. Chaffetz is operating on paranoia and suspicion, not logic
Actually, that's not a bad idea.  A footnote on every sign should read Unpaid Agitator or Unpaid Nasty Woman or Unpaid and Unrepentant or what have you.
Chaffetz actually used a [disclaimer as evidence that an angry constituent was a paid agitator](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html)>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how **one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.**
Why do you need the GOP to provide FACTS or EVIDENCE to support their claims?Why isn't People are saying.. good enough for you people??
When everything is fake. No one is.
I can hear it now, Pizzagate is much bigger than we thought....They are now forcing children to protest.  Oh Chaffetz, talk about a few fries short of a happy meal...
    chemtrails
When you get to the fake voter fraud payroll department take a left until you see signs for the fake paid protest payroll department.
Utah, apparently.
Difficulty:  Utah.
Yeah, I've been to two rallies already and  I'm still waiting for my check from Soros!
They'll just use that as proof they're fake too. I mean why else would they wear a shirt like that except to try to fool people into thinking they're local. Some of these people wouldn't believe them even if the protester took them home, introduced them to their family, and cooked them a meal. They'd still think it was some elaborate plot by Soros and the DNC. Much like some of them think a bunch of school children getting killed was faked to take their guns.
People should start publicly shaming them as pussies... They'd be in a corner, unable to condemn the use of that word, and it's arguably not coming from the alleged hyperfragile PC left. 
Riiiiiight.   
When they said they were going to make college free they really meant it!
Alternately, just let him continue to ignore his constituents?
If he discounts those who disagree with him as paid protesters, he never was interested in public input anyway.
I truly thought you must be joking (sarcastic) but then I looked at your comment history. And now I am sad on your behalf. 
emerge instantly?She won the popular vote. Yeah, I know, electoral vote is what you need to win, yadda yadda yadda. But if you're confused about how there is instantly opposition, there isn't. The opposition to Trump and the GOP has been here in large numbers.Evan McMullin, the alternative to Trump, based in Utah, won over 20% of the vote (!) on election day.
Are you really?  Maybe you could have O'Keefe at Veritas head that up, he knows all about paid agitators, having been paid by the Trump campaign.
Maybe people are pissed off? Duh.All those 80 year old paid rabble rousers. 
Top kek.
There you go again, deflecting to Hillary. Pathetic. 
> Hillary couldn't inspire a bit of passion.If that's true, Trump inspired 3 million fewer votes worth of passion.
I really don't know what they'll do when Soros kicks the bucket. I'm pretty sure he's already run up a multi-trillion dollar tab paying millions of protesters and dropping hundreds of millions in to different people running for office; I didn't know anyone was that wealthy.
A lie for every occasion.
> News coverage (Fake!)If you want to see the effect Trump and his team saying this has had, check out Twitter replies to CNN news posts and the comments and downvotes on nearly all of their Youtube videos recently. Losers who spend their free time parroting Trump's BS that he doesn't even believe.
> Retailers (Picking on Ivanka)If retailers aren't making money on something, they're going to stock something else, at least until consumers are more favorable towards that product. What are the republicans going to do? Mandate that stores keep buying and stocking products that are sitting on shelves because customers are, for a totally irrelevant reason, not buying. What happened to the right wanting to let the market decide. I guess that's only when it doesn't hurt them.> Empirically proven public policy (Birth control will drive abortion rates up!)Wait do people actually believe this?
> Except when it means accepting responsibility for: >>* All of their words and actions (Points at nearest Democrat)FTFY
This attitude among the GOP that Trump emboldened is horrifying.They see opposition to their positions and assert that the opposition is manufactured. They are literally dodging the will of the people. They can't get away with literally ignoring constituents because citizens by and large still want to respect the will of constituencies, and politicians know that, so their only way to insulate themselves against criticism is to assert that the criticism isn't genuine. You could have literally every single person from his district protesting and he'd just say the same thing.Chaffetz saw it working for Trump and said So that's all it takes, huh? This is literally fascism. Opposition is being reconfigured to be traitorous and not virtuous. Dissenting constituents may be incorrect, but cynically bought-and-paid-for professional opponents are evil. You don't have to reply to or try to build bridges between yourself and professional rabble rousers. Just call them fake citizens right next to their fake news and fake facts, and move on.
To be fair, I'm sure people from Utah's other districts were there given that Salt Lake County is split across all four districts to diminish the liberal vote. But I can assure you from my own facebook feed that many in his own district were there too. Only an idiot would say these people were paid. He's a bozo.District map: https://elections.utah.gov/map/district-mapsThe liberal vote is centered in Salt Lake City and to a lesser degree its suburbs. Park City is also very liberal (which they cut in half through redistricting). 
That sounds something like slander to me. 
A vote for me is a vote for science
He actually said that>Chaffetz said the crowd that filled the auditorium at Brighton High School in Cottonwood Heights and spilled over into a protest outside included people brought in from other states to disrupt the meeting.>Absolutely. I know there were, he said, suggesting it was more of a paid attempt to bully and intimidate than a reflection of the feelings of his 3rd District constituents.
Much corrupt.
What tanks? Oh, *those* tanks. Never seen 'emHow long until the GOP devolves into total unabashed denial? At this point, it's not even hard to imagine them just saying that the town hall never took place to begin with. 
That's what he said. Party leader. 
That's good.  But still, fuck Tucker Carlson. 
Question: Did Chaftez being a giant dickhead and simply calling people who disagree with him paid protesters change you or your family's mind about the protests going on around the country?Also, you realize Trump is the end result of this kind of corruption, and not in a good way, right?
Did you vote for Stephen Tryon? He seemed like a fantastic candidate. I was surprised Chaffetz beat him so badly
Good for you!!
Why are you upset with Chaffetz when you voted for trump? Why did you vote for Trump?  How can you ignore the clusterfuck that has happened since inauguration?  I'm not trying to be aggressive or hostile, just sincerely curious. 
And hiw does [this](https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/827483841589891073?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw) sit with you?
Hey love,Scotland here. Watched the town hall on youtube. Yous all did a great job!Call him out on the bs protest claims and let his office know. Dont give up. And make sure not to vote for him. Its the best you can do.The claims really turned my stomach as well and im not even influenced by any of this but the Chaffetz guy just seems the absolute lowest form of human garbage. 
That's wishful thinking when it comes to Kentucky.  McConnell could probably die and would still win on name recognition alone.
From outside the state it really seems that issue is what pushed Utah Republicans over the edge about Chaffetz. It seems like they were willing to overlook all of his corrupt bullshit but when he tried to fuck up their federal lands they were having NONE of it. 
Yes.  Absolutely!
So the Matrix is in Utah? Huh.
She'd never been to Zion.But she's been to Oklahoma.They told me she was bored there.But I really don't remember. 
It's not, but meth is readily available, and has high rates of use in Orem and Provo (it's actually a huge problem among stay at home moms who strive to find energy to keep up appearances).  Both towns are in Chaffetz' district. 
> He's intentionally lying because the same lie has worked for Trump. Right. They get into a pattern, find a name for the issue. It gets labeled and bottled and fit into the green frog narrative. >He may also think saying this will make people feel like there is no point in showing up again because he says he doesn't believe they are actually his constituents.He's going to learn the hard way.  The American people don't want Bryce or Yellowstone or Yosemite to just go away because Trump or because Ryan. We are proud of this land.  It's time Republicans bent a knee and asked God for forgiveness.
Everything he accuses the other side of doing, whether or not they  do, he does.
Apparently this is true.
Indeed.
Except that actual fake news does exist. Trump just took the term and started throwing it at anything he didn't like.
But we're not talking about HRC now are we? We are talking about a party irresponsibly uses misinformation and lies to embolden themselves and ignore the fact that they are going to make things worse for the people.
Except for all that birther nonsense promoted by our Favorite Fuhrer...Except for the Swift Boating of Kerry...Except, oh heck why not, Muskie and Cannuck statement...Guess who has continuously perpetuated and benefitted from fake news in it's most damaging and outrageous forms.  Come on, I dare you to answer that.
This is true. They get away with these claims because Republican voters are desperate for any excuse from these guys. 
Yes. This was in [The Deseret News](http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865673092/Chaffetz-Raucous-reaction-at-town-hall-meeting-bullying-and-intimidation.html)>Asked who would foot the bill to fill the audience with outside agitators, Chaffetz said, do some reporting and described how one participant made it a point to say he was not being paid by a national Democratic organization.
Well played. 
I mean, if I was getting paid to protest, I be out there in an instant. 
How is just calmingly asking questions allowing him to ignore them? He said it in the beginning, he holds these town halls to take public input.
I'm just laughing because I'd already done exactly what you did, and then so as not to repeat myself, RES tagged them!
She won the popular vote. I guess if the Falcons had won in OT, the Patriots could talk about winning the yardage game.
Trump is that wealthy. He has ten trillion dollars. He made it by declaring bankruptcy and not paying  taxes. That makes him smart.
He'll make it back with his child sex slave trafficking and various deals with the literal devil, because they do that occult shit.  Paying protesters isn't a big deal when you've got that devil money.
Utahns created an invoice for him and are mailing them to Chaffetz.  Apparently he knows who will pay people for showing up.  Hopefully he'll forward the invoices to the appropriate party.  #unpaidutahn may start trending.
Someone needs to create a GOP Lie A Day Calendar.
There is an argument I've heard from some true-believers that calls all birth control other than abstinence, rhythm method, pulling out, or sterilization abortion (and sex using any of the above is a sin too, since you're obviously only supposed to have sex if you want to procreate), no matter what the method actually does or is, and by that definition birth control does indeed make the abortion rate skyrocket.          
I know and what I find funny about these charges is that I'm positive that they are projection. Republicans must be paying people to look like they support them, so they assume Democrats are doing the same thing. 
Wow
Trump doge combo memes. We need them. Dogenald Rump.
They usually let time pass first, but for example they're already unabashedly denying that they ever obstructed Obama.
*I wondered where those tanks got to!*
But how could they be Russian tanks if they're in Ukraine? Obviously that would make them Ukrainian tanks.  /s
We are definitely simpatico.
Surprised? He beat his 2014 opponent by 50 points. It's all about how the districts are drawn.
Get somebody to change their name to Mitch McConnel, then run.
Democrats in Kentucky need to register as Republicans, vote against Mitch in the primary and for the Democrat in the general. 
His seat was a toss up in 2014.
..but I kinda' like the music.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm6qw_yeo6o
Except, maybe, the Trump supporters deal was backed up with actual evidence, that being his campaign filings showing payments to a paid supporters staging company, who admitted that was the case.
And the only thing that you can use to argue with fake news claims is actual facts but now they already have a built in defense for facts because politifact had to go and do stupid analysis based on Trump's figures of speech
Not just Trump. Take Breitbart. They write heavily biased propaganda but they don't make up headlines like the real fake news sites. Still, it's totally ok to call Breitbart fake news among people who dislike Trump, and that's the slippery slope. It's this dumb irresponsible phrase that never should have entered the public lexicon.  
I'm just reminding everyone of where it came from. Not trying to say But, but, Hillary or anything. Just because I bring up her name doesn't mean I'm engaging in some irrelevant comparison.
I'm talking about the use of the term fake news, not the actual fabrications and exaggerations that have been used for political gain.
I heard Chaffetz made the point of saying he was a U.S. Senator from Utah. Clearly he's not a U.S. Senator from Utah. Do some reporting.Seriously, that doesn't make any sense.
And when he doesn't like the input, or how the input was expressed, he complains and pretends his angry constituents aren't even really his own constituents.He still has a duty to listen to and represent his district, even if some of those people were too rude for his tastes.
The point being made is that significantly more people voted for her than trump, therefore it is not surprising there is a lot of resistance to trump. Yes he won the electoral vote, and that is the metric by which the election is determined, no one is denying that, however that is irrelevant to what is being discussed at the moment.
>That makes him, like, really smart.Fixed that for ya. 
I think you mean billion not trillion. He's worth 10 billion if your being generous most likely less
[Donny pays $50 a head.](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/donald-trump-campaign-offered-actors-803161)
Billion, not trillion. That would make him ~175x richer than Bill Gates. 
Those day spaces on that calendar will have to be very big in order to write down all the daily lies of the RNC, the party of Trump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUspLVStPbkUgh I want to downvote you, but not because I don't believe you or disapprove of your comment. I want to downvote those ideas.
Right? We spent $2500 of charity money to bring in some folks to clap and cheer, the democrats must've spent ten times that much!     Fucking jackasses. How do these people get elected and hold their offices? And as angry as I am about the horrible, selfish job reps like Chaffetz do, I'm more saddened and worried that he can sneer at constituent unhappiness with this kind of new Trumpian fake news/paid protestor deflection. It's going to be something when the actual, very real public rage really boils over. 
That's great, I wish people would throw that back at him Don't you think you might be projecting?. 
Good facts, comrade!
At some point the people in those districts need to be held accountable for voting for bad people
Actually make it Mitch McConnelll so it looks more like a typo.
In the primary?  Looking at the results, he won by almost 25 points.
SO I've never been to Bryce... But I've heard a lot about it.That the ladies can entice.  If they've seen - I don't doubt it.
>Take Breitbart. They write heavily biased propaganda but they don't make up headlines like the real fake news sites.Except they do. They made up a fake electoral map, have made up fake quotes by Obama, made up fake news about the planet not warming and many other bullshit stories. This must be the umpteenth time I've seen somebody say, Breitbart isn't fake news. They're just biased! They're both. 
Except that Breitbart does consistently make up headlines and use alternative facts all the time.  At least Fox News has sensationalized headlines backed up with at least partial facts.
So you aren't doubting the fact that fake news is a thing, right?
Okay, I still dont see how being more rude will help. He chose to host the town hall.
Numbers hard. What > mean?
Give it time, Trump's monetary policy will have homeless heroin addicts with a net worth of 10 trillion Trumpian dollars.
His brand alone is worth ten trillion without even taking into considerations that he is the absolute ruler of America!
Duh. Of course he is 175 x richer than Billy Gates. Trump is the best and smartest and healthiest and richest person in the world ever. Bill is a failing CEO of a sad company.  When Trump makes him hire only Americans as programmers all the unemployed coal workers will have great living wage jobs again. America is going going to be so great! 
I know the feeling
They better invest in some helmets.  If Republicans keep feeding their delusions and insulating themselves from growing anger of their own base, it's going to LITERALLY hit them in the head one day.
> How do these people get elected and hold their offices? Rural voters are often uninformed, hate taxes, minorities, and change. Therefore they elect a bunch of non achieving mediocrities again and again and again.
Mitch McConne II
No, in the general election.
They certainly teeter. But I'd like to see some sources.
Nope, sorry. Go to their website and find me one fabricated story. They might repeat the president's lies without challenging them, but they are not the kind of fake news that the post-election report was talking about. Those places have headlines like Obama Orders His Sister to be Jailed in NairobiThis is exactly the problem. Once you call heavily biased reporting fake news, you can call any biased reporting fake news and everyone has some kind of bias.
Oh, no. Of course not.
not sure what you're talking about.
>/sYou dropped this.
Electric Boogaloo
Oh, I was responding to the comment of being primaried.
[Fake electoral map](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/15/thanks-to-a-bad-map-and-bizarre-math-breitbart-can-report-that-trump-won-the-real-popular-vote/?utm_term=.9f4125282f2c)[Here is the Weather Channel explaining to Breitbart why the planet is not cooling.](https://weather.com/news/news/breitbart-misleads-americans-climate-change)[Snopes article debunking another bullshit story they ran about paid protestors.](http://www.snopes.com/2016/08/07/breitbart-duped-by-fake-news-again/)[Another Snopes article debunking a claim from Breitbart that James Comey took millions from the Clinton Foundation.](http://www.snopes.com/comey-clinton-foundation/)
Cool!  Many upvotes for YOU.
Meaning he can't accept the 3 million loss in popular vote. Puts it in quotes (paid, illegal voting. Read: bullshit lie).Maybe people are protesting and it shouldn't be surprising, because there are more than Trump voters (greater than)!Clinton votes > Trump votes.Fake math?
The Movie
Ah, my point is that a conservative or maybe moderate Democrat could take the seat, rather than a hard right Republican.
The first two are misleading distortions. The other two are examples of times they propagated other fake news or ran quotes and alligations. They're still not one of those sites that was being cited in the original report.
Ah yes. I thought you were trying to argue against me.
>The first two are misleading distortions. On what fucking planet are you living on where posting a demonstrably false electoral map or an article with a headline saying Global Temperatures Plunge are misleading distortions? That's called fake news, Kellyanne. >The other two are examples of times they propagated other fake news or ran quotes and alligations. They're still not one of those sites that was being cited in the original report.I don't know what report you're referring to nor do I care. Citing fake news also means you are fake news. You are not absolved because you weren't the original source. 
Did you even read your own links? The map used mathematical gymnastics to get to its result. The climate plunge headline is based on a weather.com report which they twisted into their narrative. They're not just running entirely fictitious stories like Hillary's Secret Family in Utah Comes ForwardThis isn't about absolving anyone. It's about making important rhetorical distinctions so we don't give the other side ammo. 
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Heres the only thing consistent about the Trump movement - there is no bottom to it.  It really only gets worse, and the GOP (leaders and voters) are doing nothing about it.  I think its amazing that you have a president who likes to shit on 55% of his country, but is physically incapable of critizing Putins oligarchy.  He is as intentionally divisive as fuck.  When youre a star, they let you do it
So uhhh... anybody looking for Americans? Motivated, hard working, and willing to travel. 
EXPERTS ARE FAKE NEWS. TRUMP IS THE ONLY PERSON ALIVE THAT TELLS THE TRUTH. FACTS. ARENT. THE TRUTH. I wish I could say this sarcastically, but this is legit trump supporters argument.  
This morning from Politico, the religious right's model is Putin:http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/02/how-russia-became-a-leader-of-the-worldwide-christian-right-214755And those guys are the ones controlling the GOP. 
Was it all the ICE secret police raid disappearing people that tipped you, or was it the talks about enlarging guantanamo prison and reopening it as a gulag again ?
I think this is exaggerated.  Remember that Hitler, Mussolini, and Lenin each came to power at the front of a large and fanatical ideological movement, and had published manifestos declaring their hostility to democracy.  They also struck when the governments of their countries were very weak, and their economies were recovering from war.  Trump doesn't have any of these.  Trump doesn't have his own party, he came in as a Republican candidate, and many Republicans hate him (McCain and Romney have publicly denounced him). His cabinet was cobbled together very quickly.  And he is not a political intellectual by any measure.  He will TRY to be a dictator but will fail.  In fact Western democracies have seen plenty of elected leaders who would have liked to become dictators but just didn't have the means.  That's not to say he can't damage American democracy somehow, but let's not get too panicky.Democracies like America do not guarantee that the people will elected competent and decent leaders.  In fact, part of the spirit of democracy is permitting the people to make mistakes.  Hitler did not believe that the masses were fit to govern themselves.  The one strength of democracy is that it ensures no one power group can entrench themselves in power and become tyrannical.  Every four years, the White House is up for grabs.  Every six years, the Senate is up for grabs.  Every two years, the House of Representatives is up for grabs.  The Republicans will not want to pass laws that a future Democratic administration could use to persecute the Republicans.  If Trump makes himself a tyrant this term, then in 2020 the Democrats could be poised to put their own dictator in the White House, which is highly likely if everyone gets pissed with how Trump runs the country.
I don't know - I woke up this morning and there wasn't anything new that I hadn't seen the day before. I'd say that's a good thing!
Springtime for Trumpster and Muhrica!
Immigration authorities arrest hundreds. At least 6 states involved, and raids included immigrants without criminal recordshttps://www.washingtonpost.com/national/federal-agents-conduct-sweeping-immigration-enforcement-raids-in-at-least-6-states/2017/02/10/4b9f443a-efc8-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html?utm_term=.2b5a2bb2b3a5&wpisrc=nl_rainbow&wpmm=1
Steve Goebbels Bannon stands unelected, unconfirmed, in an office with no legal capacity, so his inclusion in any formal position has no Constitutional support, and his position on the Security Council should be challenged immediately by courts of law.
We're only three weeks in.  He hasn't had time to issue guidance on proper jackpot attire yet.  We have not begun to get authoritarian.  Of course it's going to get worse.
 Presidents don't have power, their purpose is to draw attention away from it.- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Didn't realize you needed to be an expert to spot a power hungry megalomaniac.
Not sure we need an expert to tell us that. 
Never forget the faces of the ignorant and easily led amongst you that supported Trump.  
And it's going to continue to get worse until the people end it.
The last part of the article mentions the political blitzkrieg that the Bannon Regime is employing. Meaning their attempts to overwhelm opposition by advancing all at once and exploiting gaps to disorient opposition.  I can't help but think that the response to blitzkrieg was deep battle and that the response to this blitzkrieg might be political deep battle. What that entails, I'm not quite sure of.
I just have one honest question as a Canadian.....how did you all let this happen?  I'm being serious because Canadians and the world for that matter simply don't understand how this man was voted as POTUS!!!!  He has made a mockery of the political system, your civil/human rights, your judicial system, immigration and foreign policy all in 2 weeks!!!  Time to tune into Trump TV...ummm i mean CNN for more 'news'....geez
Despite this analysis, which I do agree with, is that his supporters don't care what experts or normal people say or do. 
Three weeks.It has been three weeks.
so much good social change would have happened with a hillary presidency but it totally got blown from a combination of things with Trump and GOP politics being #1 
Since when did we need experts to reach this conclusion?  Anyone who understands the basics of our system of government saw this coming a year ago.  
That's the goal. Bannon/NRx want to adopt the chinese model of non-democracy. They're beyond stupid if they think they'll survive it implemented, but that hasn't stopped coups and revolutions before.
He shares character traits, but he won't actually do much on par with an actual authoritarian leader. Even implying he can/will is a bit on the fearmongering side. I hate the guy. Just saying people shouldn't blow this out of proportion.
As an expert on big fat ding dongs going in and out of tight wet little ginies I'd have to agree with these experts. Granted it's a different discipline, but my expertise definitely tells me America is getting fucked hard right now.
Honestly it looks like the bottom is falling out.  The GOP can hold their nose, but their not made of stone.  Everybody is turning against the administration, even their own voters.  Every blunder, slight, and mind-numbing double-down is making them move further and further away.  Give it time, we're 3 weeks in and they're already cracking up.  He won't last long; he'll either be a loser troll in the white house with no power or he'll be impeached either way keep up the pressure.
The arrests have begun.[Federal agents conduct immigration enforcement raids in at least six states](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/federal-agents-conduct-sweeping-immigration-enforcement-raids-in-at-least-6-states/2017/02/10/4b9f443a-efc8-11e6-b4ff-ac2cf509efe5_story.html?utm_term=.c41116c87d73)Where will these people go? A detention center...?
Trump's attacks on the judiciary are extremely worrying in my opinion. Hitler at one point tired of the court system upholding the law, replaced them with a new court system that bent to his will. Fortunately I don't see the US government allowing Trump to either set up a second court system or allow him to remove judges who don't rule in his favor. I readily admit I could be wrong.
Now just click through the slideshow and I'll explain why.  Not really news there.  
C'mon it can't be *that* hard to assassinate this fucker can it? 
Actual experts know that thinkprogress is a garbage source :/ and that even among liberals it ranks very low (http://www.journalism.org/2014/10/21/political-polarization-media-habits/) As a liberal we should strive for better news reporting that doesn't have a clearly liberal agenda otherwise become the divided states of America 
My biggest fear is people will follow everything that is happening like its a tv show or a podcast, and do absolutely nothing, just watch. Binge watch a President becoming a tyrannical dictator and just tweet, make memes and make theory videos. When they should be going to the streets in numbers and ending this As soon as possible. Can't be done? Look at what the Brazilians did last year. They were completely wrong and they fucked up big time as it is proven now with Temer. But taking to the streets month after month, it does something. Just do it. Stop watching and do something goddamn it! Or start making analysis and theory videos already!
The fear mongering going on over Trump reminds me of the fear mongering about the Jews in Nazi Germnay. Hitler had the country so worked up over the Jews being enemies of the state, convinced then that they were out to wrest control and seek power that normal, kind people became Nazi sympathizers. You are not fighting for America. You are fighting against Americans and seeing your fellow neighbors, who voted in a president per their constitutional right, as evil, subhuman enemies out to destroy you and your country and your way of life.  Please stop this insanity. 
Uh yea trump's an asshole and he's really dangerous, when can I get my check for this interview?
>thinkprogress.orgFor real though...
Trump sucks, but Trump hysteria isn't exactly helping.  He hasn't been in office long enough to make any meaningful judgments about whether or not he's getting worse. Get serious. And this is pretty absurd:   >Its hard to say we are on track to establish a fascist dictatorship. Alternative forces are still there. Though theres not much doubt of the desire of Trump to govern as dictator.No, it's actually not hard to say whether we are on track to establish a goddamn fascist dictatorship. It's actually very *easy* to say: we are not. I'd be extremely happy to make a very large bet on whether the U.S. will be a fascist dictatorship by the time Trump leaves. (Which I think will be less than 4 years, incidentally.)  If you think we are on such a track, you seriously need to get a goddamn grip.  Is there not much doubt that Trump wants to be a dictator? Well...there's a fair bit of doubt...but this is less clear. I, personally, would guess that he wouldn't exactly be averse to it...but, then, I detest the guy, so that's probably not that meaningful. But there can be no doubt... is a very strong claim.   This is so typical of the left. The right shows its ass in an ostentatious way...but the left isn't satisfied with just emphasizing the truth about the badness of it. It turns into a shrieking, freaking, flaming, hysterical, hyperbolic trainwreck that ends up making the right seem....y'know...maybe not even all that bad by comparison.   Dude is bad. He's very, very, very, very bad. There is no reason to exaggerate his badness. If you don't care about the truth (which, let's face it, lots of the left doesn't anymore than the right), at least care that you're helping him with such exaggerations.
President Toad.
Whoopdie fuckin do
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL!!!!
All aboard the trump train!!!! choo choo!!!! NEXT STOP: HELL!!!!
Authoritarianism is a funny word applied to those you disagree with. It can be applied to leftist ideology much easier that to a single person.
I don't understand how a president intent on down-scaling the role of government and re-instituting personal liberties can be claimed to be authoritarian. Utter non-sense. The real authoritarians are the Democrats, because leftists don't believe in limited government or personal liberty.
Like Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, McCain, Pelosi, the Clintons, etc. are any better?They are all self-serving parasites. Do you think super delegates, Citizens United, mandatory health/auto insurance, isn't authoritarianism.I don't have to be a fucking EXPERT to understand this isn't a democracy. 
Stop posting thinkprogress links, it's not helping
Roflmfao 
Experts on authoritarianism? Oh boy, I guess I should definitely take this guys seriously! Lmao.
Same experts that predicted he'd lose?
Does being a teacher make you an expert on authoritarianism now? Wouldn't they also be experts on socialism or experts on communism too?What a terribly misleading and buzzfeed-worthy headline!
And maybe, if you were decent people and werent such double-standard laden shitheads, you wouldnt be in this position. But you want to have your cake and eat it too. You want to pretend were all in this together, while you work toward your selfish goals. You want to claim were equal, then treat each other in the least equal fashion possible. You want to base your actions on your feelings and impulses, then still reap the rewards of hard work and long-term planning. You want to be a hedonist pervert, then turn around and have a happy family and prosperous career. You want to be able to lie to the people who youre supposed to love, because you cant come to terms with who you really are. You want to pretend to be about progress, but your progress seems like more of the same.You claim to be about stopping generalized thinking, but you think in generalities. You judge people on things they cant change about their bodies, then turn around and claim progress and bigotry from the other side. You draw lines in the sand that benefit you and you alone and then tell the rest of the country we need to support you because youre you but before you even finish the sentence you start stamping your feet and demanding things and we listen to you and realize you dont even do what you say you do.Dear the modern left  youre full of shit, in the moment, as human beings. No amount of abstractions and elaborate theory changes that reality.
This sub is so far beyond pathetic, I don't think it's salvageable.
anti trump supporters think trump presidency is getting worse.. what really. 
t. ThinkProgress
That seems to be true. The part that is so maddening, is it seems like we are destined to just sit here watching helplessly, waiting for midterms. 
The GOP isn't just doing nothing about it.  The GOP is helping him.  They are approving all his policies and his cabinet appointees.  The entire party is complicit.
The GOP still thinks they have this all in hand.  They think, because they might get all their Christmas list checked off, they can let the Oval Office do what they want in the interim.They think when they've had their fill, they'll say Bad president!  Down boy!  They think he'll listen.  
Trump has officially criticized Nordstrom's more than he's criticized Putin. 
I think that somewhere deep within, the GOP wished for death, which would explain why they chose Trump. He will destroy their image so completely that in the future, calling someone a Republican would be the same thing as calling them a Nazi.
I feel like his brand won't survive the presidency
Bannon moved on me like a bitch and got there even though I was married. He did fuck me. I was married. More than kiss. He didnt even wait, when youre Bannon, I let you do it. He can do anything. Grabbed me by the pussy. He can do anything.
everything can always be worse.  in many contexts, this is frightening.
Yeah but look at all this amazing stuff he's doing aswel! Focus on that, and not the bad stuff! /s
The real enemy here is the republican party who would rather sit in silence and watch democrats get shit on than to protect democracy and the country.If we want to get Trump out of office, we have to convince these spineless republicans to stand up for what's right.We have to convince them that this petty partisanship shit is silly and they need to put their country first - not money.
I agree, but at this point, it is also up to both parties to use this political chaos as an opportunity to find a middle ground on more issues and come together to keep him in line. This is mess involves all Americans (whether we like it or not) and now we are all responsible for fixing it. It won't happen overnight and it will consist of a great deal of hard, dedicated work, but we really need to educate the population to begin putting aside our differences and working together towards mutual goals. Otherwise, Trump will continue screwing up until we are left in a hole deeper that our national debt.
Are any countries accepting American refugees yet?  It'll be easier for me to assimilate to any other culture except Trumpism.  I'm still young so I can learn a language by immersion.  I'm willing to be a mail-order American husband for any race, age, gender, and peaceful creed.   pls help
http://www.emigrateme.comWelcome to Norway!!!
Stay and fight. Don't be a coward. 
You think anyone wants our crazy asses in their country after what we did to ours?
Maybe Mexico will start building that wall on their side.
Ironically, you'll have to meet very strict requirements and they don't take illegal immigration or visa overstays lightly.
Sure, but it's cold up here. Maybe stay off the highway until you learn to drive on the ice.
Come live in Ireland! Americans are welcome here, as long as you're not one of the lunatics who got that shit-faced gibbon into office.
[I'm not sure, but I can't suggest Australia.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFJ7haimKH8)
Don't you dare permanently hand that nuclear arsenal to those loons.
Sweden.
[Cape Breton](http://cbiftrumpwins.com/) needs people.
Learn to code and come to Berlin. Our startup scene is searching desperately for coders... And we actually are a democracy where facts matter and the question if you believe in science will cause bewilderment and serious laughs. Oh, and it is totally ok to disagree. You don't have to chose one side but can have an educated discussion (with most people...)
I didn't get my way so I'm leaving the country just like all the celebrities promised!!Oh wait
Sort by controversial in any thread in r/politics and this is basically everything you'll read.
He comprehends better than anyone ever.
He is the evidence.
He's dictating the truth
Progressives don't realize it yet, but assuming they win in 2020, they'll be part of a global cold war between Progressivism and Reactionaryism.Refusing to fight doesn't make the conflict go away. Progressivism existing is an existential threat to Reactionaryism as it provides an objectively better way for everyone to see when unhindered and they'll do everything they can to destroy it.
I'd really like to see the news from the 'thin red line' days, after they crossed it. If I remember correctly, they hated Russia and criticized Obama for not bombing the fuck out of Russia or something. I just remember it was outrageously unreasonable.
Or the talk about torture? Or the Muslim ban? Or just ~~about~~ everything he does?
This is scary as fuck. Trump really is disappearing people that make him angry.
Is it racist and authoritarian when Mexico deports illegal aliens?  Oh wait they get significant jail time and fines before deportation.  
Obama also had 8 years to close Guantanamo--an issue he campaigned on.  
> he is not a political intellectual by any measure. He will TRY to be a dictator but will fail.This is why I'm still hopeful. I think he's in over his head and while he may surround himself with smart people, those same smart people will all be vying for influence and will eat each other alive.
>If Trump makes himself a tyrant this term, then in 2020 the Democrats could be poised to put their own dictator in the White House, which is highly likely if everyone gets pissed with how Trump runs the country.Which I think point out the truly frightening aspect of Trump's authoritarianism. You're right, he likely is too incompetent to rise to major dictator levels, but he's basically penning an instruction booklet on how to exploit America's democracy and making it very likely that someone else more cunning and charismatic will come in and do everything we were afraid Trump would do
> They also struck when the governments of their countries were very weak, and their economies were recovering from war. I don't think the government and economy necessarily have to be weak; the people just need to be fooled into thinking that it is in order to get them to elect the people who will fix it. Then, they lie to them that they *have* fixed it, or that it is at least doing better. That way, the same people who were fooled originally will keep voting for them until it is too late.
Just because it isn't the same as previous authoritarian regimes doesn't mean it won't succeed yo some degree. I agree that he won't succeed and that he's more likely to crash and burn than actually become the dictator he wants to be, but this is a series of events we haven't seen before, so we may not be able to fully understand how it will play out. If the GOP is willing to roll over (as they've already demonstrated) then the damage done to the American system of democracy will be far greater than if they grew a backbone and stood up for morals and the Constitution instead of for their own selfish gains.
Mussolini's fascism was actually very philosophically weak.> **Italian fascism was certainly a dictatorship, but it was not totally totalitarian, not because of its mildness but rather because of the philosophical weakness of its ideology.** Contrary to common opinion, fascism in Italy had no special philosophy. The article on fascism signed by Mussolini in the Treccani Encyclopedia was written or basically inspired by Giovanni Gentile, but it reflected a late-Hegelian notion of the Absolute and Ethical State which was never fully realized by Mussolini. **Mussolini did not have any philosophy: he had only rhetoric.** He was a militant atheist at the beginning and later signed the Convention with the Church and welcomed the bishops who blessed the Fascist pennants. In his early anticlerical years, according to a likely legend, he once asked God, in order to prove His existence, to strike him down on the spot. Later, Mussolini always cited the name of God in his speeches, and did not mind being called the Man of Providence. - Umberto EcoNow an important thing to remember to is that historical circumstances don't have to be exact. Just because the environment isn't exactly the same doesn't mean an authoritarian of some breed can't possibly ascend to power. Even if *unlikely* it is still very possible.Remember as well that Hitler/Mussolini/Lenin/Franco are not the only authoritarians history has to offer. Authoritarians can emerge under many different circumstances.> Nevertheless, even though political regimes can be overthrown, and ideologies can be criticized and disowned, behind a regime and its ideology there is always a way of thinking and feeling, a group of cultural habits, of obscure instincts and unfathomable drives. - Umberto Eco>Fascism, Naziism, Falangism, etc. Will never appear in the *exact* same form it did 60 years ago. Too much has changed, but that doesn't mean an authoritarian regime closely related to those ideas can't appear.Edit: The reason I bring up fascism philosophical weakness is also because it means that a lot more can be recognized as a type of fascism because of that weakness. Here is yet another Umberto Eco quote from his essay Ur-Fascism to explain: >So we come to my second point. **There was only one Nazism**. We cannot label Francos hyper-Catholic Falangism as Nazism, since Nazism is fundamentally pagan, polytheistic, and anti-Christian. **But the fascist game can be played in many forms, and the name of the game does not change**. The notion of fascism is not unlike Wittgensteins notion of a game. A game can be either competitive or not, it can require some special skill or none, it can or cannot involve money. **Games are different activities that display only some family resemblance, as Wittgenstein put it**. Consider the following sequence:>1 2 3 4>abc bcd cde def>Suppose there is a series of political groups in which group one is characterized by the features abc, group two by the features bcd, and so on. Group two is similar to group one since they have two features in common; for the same reasons three is similar to two and four is similar to three. Notice that three is also similar to one (they have in common the feature c). The most curious case is presented by four, obviously similar to three and two, but with no feature in common with one. However, owing to the uninterrupted series of decreasing similarities between one and four, there remains, by a sort of illusory transitivity, a family resemblance between four and one.>**Fascism became an all-purpose term because one can eliminate from a fascist regime one or more features, and it will still be recognizable as fascist.** Take away imperialism from fascism and you still have Franco and Salazar. Take away colonialism and you still have the Balkan fascism of the Ustashes. Add to the Italian fascism a radical anti-capitalism (which never much fascinated Mussolini) and you have Ezra Pound.
This is largely where I'm at now, too. Would it be possible for a shrewd, popular authoritarian to undermine democracy and our institutions and supplant himself as a dictator in our country? Absolutely.However, in my opinion, none of those adjectives apply to Trump or his inner circle.
> at the front of a large and fanatical ideological movement,Umm, have you SEEN Trump supporters? They're pretty fanatical and ideological.> and their economies were recovering from warFor many Americans, their local economies were ravaged, and nobody was discussing it except Trump.I know it's not an exact parallel, but it's disingenuous to say that Trump doesn't have any of these. He maybe has 25% of it. 
> He will TRY to be a dictator but will fail.Maybe, maybe not. There seem to be a lot of fascists in the woodpile who are using him as a front. But let's say you are right and he does fail. He's definitely energized and educated the fascists in the country. They won't fail next time. Imagine someone more charismatic, or at least less stupid, in place of Trump. He'd be at 60% approval right now and successfully deflecting us from his version of the Muslim ban, etc.
Wrong - Trump is now saying the legal system of our country is broken
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5tebt2/experts_on_authoritarianism_say_trumps_presidency/ddm76lx/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=politics
Well, not to be a doubter, but it *is* Saturday. I'm sure he's taking naps or something. 
I'd like to know what's wrong with deporting people in the country illegally?
Bruh the NSC isn't in the constitutions either. POTUS picks his cabinet and advisors.There was a whole fuss about this made during the Johnson (not LBJ, the one after Lincoln). He actually had articles of impeachment drawn up against him for trying to fire the sec of war.Also, if you are running for POTUS don't pick someone with the last name Johnson.
I doubt it, they are too stupid and have pissed off too many people already.They're going to implode from all the infighting and ripple effects of getting bitch slapped by both checks & balances, and the CIA.They're gonna do jack shit and look stupid in the process.
Nice.  Stop showing Trump attention.  You can't control most of it, just have faith that the most important news will find you.
But hey, it is the fault of those who didn't vote Hillary. Clearly they should have voted!
It's a number of factors. The main thing was a two decades long smear campaign mounted by the right against Hillary. Next, only 55% of voters voted. Then because of our electoral college system, less densely populated states get more voting power than the rest. Then Hillary lost three swing states by a combined 80,000 votes, small percentages that probably would have gone to her before the last Comey letter.
Democrats believed that they were untouchable in their blue wall, which was made up of mostly working class people who have suffered quite heavily under the Neoliberal Consensus of the Democratic a party and the Republicans aren't any better to them. The grabbed onto an Anti-Establishment character as a response.And he isn't a local phenomenon. He has left and right wing equivalents all over Europe. In France, you have the NF (a right wing variant who are almost certainly going to win their upcoming elections on both rounds), in the UK you have Corbyn (a left wing variant). In Germany you have the AfD (right wing), and in Spain you have Podemos (left wing).This process has been in the making since 1979.
Their own voters who still highly approve of his job?
Home?
That's precisely what you *don't* want. You think making a martyr of him will put a stop to what his regime is doing? 
That isn't a very good argument. The habits and conditions that lead to authoritarian regimes still exist, they can happen pretty much everywhere. It is essentially the duty of every democratic citizen to be *constantly* on the watch for signs of authoritarianism.On top of that, the academics and professors quoted are experts on authoritarianism, which happens on the left and the right, so how do you know their specific political slant?A lot of republicans, conservatives and right-leaning libertarians are also very concerned with Trumps propensity towards authoritarian behaviour and rhetoric.This isn't exaggerating his badness, these are experts who have dedicated their lives to studying the conditions of authoritarian regimes and know perfectly well the signs and historical environments that lead to them.
There's 2 trains to hell?
So do you discredit anyone who specializes in anything then? Weather experts telling you a hurricane coming is all nonsense? 
You really don't think there are academics who study authoritarian regimes and the conditions surrounding them? 
Yeah let's not listen to experts, what do they know, right?
Haha you guys cling to that so much it's pathetic. Those polls were withing the margin of error. And they were right that more people would vote for Clinton. Learn how polls work.
What do any of these 'professors' from these 'universities' and 'colleges' know about their field of study? Like any of these 'educated' people have any credibility whatsoever. -You 
Depending on their field of study, yes. That's exactly what it means.I do so enjoy this modern concept of expertise doesn't exist unless it agrees with me, though.
There are experts on socialism and communism, these people have specialized their studies on authoritarianism (which also includes certain communist and socialist governments). 
Are you having personal problems? 
> And maybe, if you were decent people and werent such double-standard laden shitheads . . .Says the 40-minute-old account.  Why not post from your actual account? Can you not come to terms with  who you really are? 
Lol can't even post from your real account. Careful with that fascist garbage, you might get your teeth punched in.
7 hour old account. what a big blubbery pussy.
You bring up some interesting and well supported counter arguments.
Bye then! 
What do you find to be pathetic about it?
Your post history indicates you come in here every now and then and spout the same shit every time. Instead of this why don't you try engage with people on an adult level and try open dialogue rather than whinge constantly.Let's try it shall we? What's your issue with the article linked? 
Did you just equate experts on authoritarianism with anti Trump supporters?Do you have any sense of self awareness?
How do you know these people's political affiliations? Authoritarianism has happened on the left and the right.
These liberals, and their words, and their ideas, and their thoughts, and their facts. #TRUMP
Relevant username.
       , ,  ?     ,       Navy Seals,          -,      300  .     ,        .     ,     .      ,         ,    .  ,      ,      ?   , .               IP   ,      , . ,         .   , .      ,   ,         ,      .  ,      ,            ,        ,        ,   .     ,          ,    ,  ,      .    ,    ,     ,   .       ,      .   , .
Because democrats insist they continue to play by the 'rules'. The game is rigged the rules are non existent, it's time to take a stand bolder than voting. The social contract must be demonstrated on Trump and the RNC 
You might break out of that helplessness when you realize that at this rate, Trump won't _allow_ midterms.
The country won't survive to midterms.
I'm not suggesting Americans don't protest, quite a few of you are organizing but it doesn't seem like its enough to make a difference. What I'm really questioning is where the rest of Americans stand and where they will draw the line and say enough is enough. It really seems some of you are just going to quietly wait for someone else to fix things for you. A few years ago in Canada, [Quebec students organized a giant protest because the provincial government planned to increase University tuition by $1500 between the time period of 2015 to 2018](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_Quebec_student_protests). The protests lasted for 6 months and their demonstrations at its peak essentially shut down the downtown areas of a major Canadian city. They eventually forced the Quebec government to eventually give in to their demands. All of this was caused by a small tuition increase in a province with the lowest tuition fees in all of Canada.
You're at the barA guy bought you a drinkAfter a few swallows, you start feeling woozyFuck, you've been drugged. You're in danger from this creep.<-- YOU ARE HERECreep drags you into his vanTakes you to a cheap hotel and rapes youDumps the bodyResist. Now. With everything you've got.
Honestly im getting militant over here, put the donald within punching distance of me
That's only true because we believe it's true. Back in the 90s we had a Republican governor propose an income tax to help the state pay its bills. Well, the people who voted for him weren't having any of that shit, and they showed up to the state capitol with brickbats and bullhorns. To this day, Tennessee is one of the few states in the country with no income tax, and they damn near ran Governor Sundquist out of town on a rail because of it.I guarantee you shit will start to change when we get angry enough. I was part of Occupy, I know how to play the waiting game, and I'll camp out on their fucking faces if I have to.
Well, there are a couple special elections to keep us occupied in the meantime. And the off year votes for local stuff like city council members this fall have their own importance! There's a lot of hunkering down and hoping we're not the ones who get hurt between us and real change in the situation, though. 
There's a lot of push back though. If things keep up, the GOP is going to lose a lot of seats in the House and Senate. Trump just can't stop being Trump, and so he's going to continue to be in the headlines constantly. If you thought Hillary's emails always being in the headlines was bad, all the shit Trump is doing on a weekly basis will be a constant reminder why we need to go out and vote in 2018. Also keep in mind it has only been ***three weeks***, guys. It takes time. Our government is designed for big changes to take time. Anything Trump does ***can*** be fixed. His most egregious actions can be prevented (like with the Muslim ban). We will see how the midterms go, but I do not think the GOP is going to make much headway. I say this because Trump is the Republican ***voters*** last attempt to get the party they want. The Tea Party rose up because the Republican ***voters*** were disappointed with the direction their party was headed. Trump is the final culmination of this. If Trump can't or won't deliver, then you're going to have a lot of ***really angry*** Republican voters. They will be demoralized and apathetic. Anyone who claims to be Trump but a better version to replace him will be denied by the masses. 
Midterms? Ha! My butt-sniffing Sycophant paid-off Senator isn't up for re-election until Twenty-fucking-two. No one's going to remember his ass-kissing of DeVos at that point.
Pretty much. They think that if he gets out of hand, they'll just impeach him, it'll reset the board, and they can move on.Well, some of them do. Some of them are just spineless toadies.God help us all, but Paul Ryan seems to think he's playing Machiavellian adviser, steering the bumbling King. Moron.
They traded the promise of lower taxes for outright fascism. It's like an old Hellraiser movie. They think that they'll just get their way and that's it, not knowing or maybe not caring about the broader carnage that they've unleashed and will be unable to control.
Sounds like some naive wishful thinking.
A president shouldn't have a brand.  How did we allow this to happen?
>it is also up to both parties to use this political chaos as an opportunity to find a middle ground on more issues and come together to keep him in line.The GOP is complicit in Trump's fascist actions. Some lawmakers may be criticizing him, but their votes show where their loyalty lies.The Republican party is not an ally to us. We cannot reach across the aisle to them, because they will simply grab our wrists and pull us into the Hell they're creating.Sure, we should welcome GOP defectors with open arms. But we cannot attempt to compromise with a party who would burn down this country just to see the liberal tears.
Mail order husband, nice angle there. You'll go far in life young man. I want to be the oldest ball boy at Old Trafford (Man United): 50 Year Old American Moves to Manchester for New Gig Shagging Balls
France is welcoming climate scientists
Europe. A French politician for instance thats running (and stands a good chance) for president just extended an invitation to Scientists etc.
Any Country Accepting Black American Men?, I have no record and have an engineering degree.
I know you're joking but there are probably millions who would take you up on it if you but try
Yes, [of course!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernPropaganda/comments/5ps8i8/refugees_welcome_germany_2017_crosspost_from_rde/) (a poster by our satire party Die Partei)Or this from the [official germany sub.](https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/5bxzsl/from_germany_with_love/)
Man, this is bullshit. I can't sell myself as a mail-order American bride, I've got too much mileage.
Is this real?
tl;dr:Immigrate to Norway! :DOkay, how?Follow the instructions on UDI.no!oh.....
Get out while you still can.  Don't be a hero.
Non-fascists haven't spent the last decades stock piling military weapons, ammo, armor, and supplies, while training gleefully for the day of the rope. The right has. You can't blame people that don't like their odds in that fight.
Boomer parents insist they are going to leave the country, just after they reached real fuck up levels.Pathetic.
What with all this rise of international fascism stuff going on, people fleeing a fascist regime are exactly who the rest of the world should want.  A population that knows better than to flirt with this sort of danger is highly desirable.  The people leaving will be the people who know better.
So he will get Mexico to pay for the wall after all, 4D chess!
keep the illegal americans out!
>ReactionaryismIsn't it called Reactionism?
War vs ReformFear vs AcceptanceReligious  ve Secular At a certain point the extremist Falwell types will form a coalition with the Isis types just like they did with Putin. 
This is such an odd position to be in and I think is probably do to nationalism or something, but I hope Europe can hold its shit together. I feel like we're better equipped to take care of our problem than they are theirs. Keep NATO strong while we sort things out. Angela, take the reins and just keep it together 
My father was in the Birch Society and Russia was their Isis. Now they are the Council for National Policy and Muslims are their Holy War.  What people don't discuss is that it was founded by ex-Birchers, etc. https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/08/31/revealed-conway-bannon-members-secretive-grouphttp://m.dailykos.com/story/2016/8/18/1561450/-Theocratic-Right-Now-Heads-Trump-s-Campaign-Bannon-and-Conway-are-in-the-CNPhttp://www.rightwingwatch.org/organizations/council-for-national-policy/
It's all linked, and passed one thing at a time, slowly boiling frog style.
Don't forget threatening to torture the families and friends of suspected terrorists.
mexico has bigger problems than illegals in reality so don't bother much. Bigger problems like rampant corruption, crooked police that don't take orders (albeit it's finally progressing in some areas reportedly, like mexico city), and cartel issues.but hey, nice wattaboutmexico
Bannon seems to be taking on some weight
I have just as much faith in the regime's incompetence that I do in their maliciousness and bigotry. 
How do you... exploit a democracy?  He won the election fair and square.  Are you saying that Trump will find ways to game the system while he is in power?  I doubt he can do anything worse than what Obama or Bush did.
OK, so maybe he doesn't need a manifesto.  Yet Trump doesn't come off as the brilliant Machiavellian statesman.
Yeah, but he's implied that before today anyway. I wasn't shocked by it - which says something, I guess. :(
The worst part is, *he's not even wrong.*
It *is* broken. It's just not broken in a way that benefits him *right now,* as it has in the past, so he's crying about it.
It's true... How the fuck do you lose Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Florida, and North Carolina? Obama won those in 2008 and retained 5 in 2012.
Never. Forget.
It's the fault of the DNC for picking Hillary in the first place. I think a Sanders/Warren ticket could've resoundingly trounced any GOP ticket they could've produced.
The nutjobs will always approve.  But a lot of the normal people like my parents who held their nose and voted for him are really dismayed by what they're seeing.  It's a bit like people not believing that someone could truly be that awful.  Not to mention how most people hate Hillary.
Source? Because last we heard, trump said no more catch and release.
Man, I know... it's just so absolutely unbelievable that this is going on. I mean, this has all got to boil over at some point, right? 
Trump supporters are anti-intellectual. It's a form of elitism to them. Another key sign of being an authoritarian. 
They didn't know trump would beat Hilary's that's for sure
You know what's pathetic? That the Democrats are so disconnected from reality that they have managed to lose the Presidency to one of the most unpopular presidents ever. They also lost the house, the senate, the Supreme Court and he majority of governors. It's pathetic that you are so consumed in your own world that you can't see how disconnected you are with the average voter.How could Hillary lose an election that she so obviously had in the bag? How horrible to do you have to be to lose that? Just because 3 million extra people voted in California and NYC, doesn't mean they represent the rest of America. This is your fault, so own it. 
Stop acting like you matter in US politics. You are not part of this equation.  We do not care about you anymore, not like you ever cared about us. The liberal dream is dead because you can't own up to who you really are. Now we will stomp on your face because you deserve it.
It's not constantly felating his god emperor Trump.
engage with people on an adult level and try open dialogue rather than whine constantly AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
They don't. Expert is a bad word to them. Unless they're saying the exact things they want to already hear.
Not that I agree with dismissing an expert opinion because of their political orientation, but it would be a pretty safe bet to assume they are liberal professors. Considering there is a 5-1 odds of them being liberal. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2016/01/11/the-dramatic-shift-among-college-professors-thats-hurting-students-education/?client=safariYou'd have to actively seek out a conservative professor, and why would you do that when a liberal professor would be more likely to give you better material through their own bias. To kind of add to that, if it was a conservative professor that headline would read way better, so why wouldn't they use it?
This. Liberals are usually liberals because they have empathy and compassion. Initially they want to understand things and let people be heard because perhaps there might be something to be learned. Eventually though you have to realize that you're playing this game of life with people who would rather burn it all down to win outright than meet you half way. 
They always think Let's treat them the way we would want to be treated if we were in their position. Meanwhile McConnell is thinking If there is any way for me to fuck them over, I'm going to do it asap.
What's the social contract.  Serious question.  
So what are you suggesting?
/r/SocialistRA seems to have the same idea as you, but they aren't exactly Democrats.
>it's time to take a stand bolder than votingi mean to be fair, why can't we just start with getting more people to vote? 
So many do this black humor, but if that actually happened, it would be almost instant civil war and open secession calls on the West coast.
Trump doesn't need to prevent midterms. The voter suppression efforts across the nation as carried out by GOP state governments have been effective so far. The conservative propaganda machine is healthier than ever, managing to convince huge numbers of people that, for example, the Bowling Green Massacre really happened. What's the GOP afraid of?
Things are broke enough that he can go along with midterms but midterms may not be as working as advertised
Oh it's going to survive, America is stronger than most Americans give it credit for.Now, don't get me wrong: this is going to get a lot worse before it gets any better but I don't think the American system as we know it is going to collapse entirely. I do believe we will experience some...ah...restructuring, if you will.As for the world order as a whole? That's a bigger deal and the outlook ain't great.
How do you see it play out until then?
The thing is, if that ever happened in the US, the military would step in and murder all of them. They would not let a city shut down for that long. They would provoke violence and then as soon as one protester steps out of line, they will have free reign to do anything. Tear gas, riot shields, the whole shebang. Who's going to stop them? The federal fucking government? Give me a break. 
Yup. The Germans that saw what was coming and ran for it in 1933, to the jeers of their peers, were among the survivors of the regime.Resist now or run, either way, the terror of war is coming to America.
> I was part of Occupyhuge success story that was...
Well hopefully his presidency doesn't make a full term do to this and other things.
A President needs a brand. This is why he'll do what not other could. Not like those career politicians that called themselves presidents in the past. Once he severs the corrupt branches of government and gets rid of them illegal elections, the brand will replace the weak federal government. We've seen it already, armed forces flying trump flags. The real men of the greatest military on Gods earth can return to the homeland and level those cities infested with terrorists and illegals. Everyone will finally have freedom again and can elect whoever they want from a long line of trump brand members. /s 
That sounds better than dealing with my disgustingly obese sexist homophobic Dominionist coworkers every day
for now...until LePen is elected :(
French candidate in the election says he would welcome climate scientists. Maybe he'll win and it will become a reality. 
Yes it is real. http://www.nationen.no/distrikt/norwegian-region-invites-disappointed-americans-to-emigrate-after-trump-win/The site is perhaps a bit to humoristic as many people wonder if it is for real, but they see this as an opportunity to attract americans to the region.
Use chrome to translate to the best of its ability lolhttps://i.imgur.com/dY7duAJ.png
Punch nazis for Harambe.
The people staying are the people who know the US is too fucking powerful to be left to the crazies. :/We're not North Korea. We could do a lot of damage and all signs point to Trump loving the idea of getting to flex the military.
Yes, buy I'm emphasizing that it is the Idealogy of the reactionary rather than just the idea of a return to the past, because the past can sometimes more progressive than the present.
The noun form is usually Reaction, not reactionism- as in the reaction to the first French Republic. 
It's scary how true the boiling frog style analogy is
Torture? No, Yemen taught us he's seriously about shooting their friends and family too.
http://www.msnbc.com/specials/migrant-crisis/mexicoExcept thats not true at all lol.  
I dont know about fair, Russians interfered and he won by losing 3 million votes. Also, he is nowhere near Obama or Bush, he is fucking crazy and has no idea what he is doing. 
> How do you... exploit a democracy? He won the election fair and square. One way would be to create a propaganda machine to constantly spew out garbage 24x7 to both create false issues and decrease trust in real news institutions. You might also violate norms and traditions, or have your henchpeople do so, to get your opponent accused of a crime that is later conveniently forgotten. Just spit-balling here.
I agree. I don't think he sat down one day and thought Well I'm going to take over America and be a fascist. But he is a power-hungry narcissist without the will, patience or understanding to endure the democratic process and cheques/blalances used against him.This means he is going to continually push for more and more power to himself, and his closest advisers are completely OK with that and are much more competent. They will make it happen. A core tenant of fascism is a marriage between corporatism and government. His nationalist advisers and his corporate Goldman-Sachs advisers will encourage and facilitate Trump's push towards authoritarianism.
He's only saying it's broken because the courts won't bow down to him. Not because of his deep understanding of constitutional law.
I mean, Bernie was saying the same exact thing (his words were the criminal justice system)...But Trump is saying this because they will not let him act as an authoritarian. He's implying the constitutional powers of the legal system are what's broken. We can add this to the growing list of hypocritical GOP bullshit. How many times did they say Obama had no respect for the Constitution? 
Which polls gave him a zero percent chance to win? Pretty sure I didn't see any.
She's not that horrible, but a 20 year smear campaign by the right, and Fox News acting as the RNC propaganda outlet will make you look bad to people who live in a right wing bubble.
The election polls were withing margin of error and more people did indeed vote for Clinton.
Comrade trump is unpopular and viewed as dishonest.  The constant scandals are taking a toll.
Look at your comments here. It's just straight up complaining.  Why don't you try put forward a decent argument if you disagree with something? 
Which makes for some fucking infuriating debates 
And much like Ali with the Rope-a-dope as soon as they're on the defensive they zip over to the ropes (hide behind religious freedom).
Help to fix this problem. Join the new sub r/lefref to begin organizing and partake in policy discussion: We must organize or we will end up like the Russians after their revolution. The Bolsheviks promised the workers they were fighting for them, so the workers fought for them. Turns out they were bad people, played the workers. **We have the internet now, this could be the key to solving the workers struggle.** There is a new sub dedicated to reforming the left: r/lefref. Join us in constructing a [workers memorandum](https://www.reddit.com/r/lefref/comments/5qzkoh/proposal_to_begin_construction_on_a_workers/), [contingency plans](https://www.reddit.com/r/lefref/comments/5qzki0/proposal_to_begin_construction_on_an_internet/) should our ability to organize be compromised, and discus whatever policy you wish. This sub is meant to be a place in which to draft a new platform or party constitution in which to steer the left towards. Maybe through examination of issues in a directed way (one issue a day or week) with enough people using the reddit upvote system we can build a constitution made by the people.Having a document representing the will of the people directly, voted upon and discussed directly with 100% transparency, would be of great importance, perhaps an important pillar to workers rights for years to come. This construction of a rallying document is our goal, as well as producing a sub in which the masses can discuss and direct policy to come to a consensus in real time, without the need of representatives and big money. Here is your [invitation](https://i.redd.it/xmbjkf1wj5ay.png)
It's like playing a game of chess with a child for control of a situation. If they refuse to play by the rules, but no matter what, they still get half a say of the final outcome, what do you do? 
Which is funny, because conservatives brand themselves as having moral absolutes.
Liberals are usually liberal because that's what their parents were. Same with conservatives. We don't think for ourselves as much as we'd like to think.
I think you pretty much covered it perfectly here.  This is why it always goes bad.  The Democrats always try to act civil, well at least MORE civil and a lot closer to adults.  The GOP just seems like as soon as they get a chance, and sometimes before, they just start jacking up everything they can.  Screwing over the most amount of people and running off with everything that isn't nailed down.  
Our individual consent to be governed. See: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_contractWhat I mean, By excercising the Social Contract is to demonstrate in such numbers and power that a situation like Seoul occurs. We need to warn the government that they are approaching our limits of tolerance and The government is forced to listen and yield to the demands of the populace or risk detoriation of the integrity of the state. The Women's March on Washington was a record breaking good start, but we need to make it magnitudes larger. 
Did you drop out of school in 7th grade? Serious question, because that's when it's taught. 
FFS just google it
Despite my love for armchairs and yachts I cannot recommend enough that leftists be armed. 
Because core fundamentals of our democratic institutions will not survive until the next opportunity to vote. 
Would it? I sure fucking hope so but the fact that so many people are still apathetic at this point honestly makes me doubt it any longer. I'm going to start keeping a diary, maybe in the future it'll be read by people curious about what went on for average citizens during the fall of America. Have we fallen into total facism yet? No. But what's our trajectory looking like? We're not even one month in yet.
I'm sure that people believed something like that in every country that has been converted to a dictatorship or authoritarian regime. And yet it's happened over and over again, all over the world. 
To hell with secession. Rebellion all the way.
It wouldn't be that open. They're more likely to gut congress's power until it is irrelevant, or fake the elections so they can stuff it with Republicans. 
Pretty much. Which is going to suck so much since it's going to ruin so many of our lives.
The Russians have very real shit on them, I can guarantee that.
Will this be the excuse when Democrats lose again? 
There isn't a single empire that has lasted indefinitely.  Rome eventually fell.  So will the USA.We've got an active coup happening in the federal government right now, and most people can't (or don't want to) see it.
At this point, I'm expecting a terror attack on US soil. This will be the equivalent of the American Reichstag. The Administration will respond with an incredibly heavy hand. The Administration is already sowing the seeds of division and distrust.  The backlash after the Administrations' crack down will be a mass revolt, and chaos.Think about this.  The Administration is actively working to cause division within the nation.  It's attacking the Press. It's attacking the judicial branch.  It's attacking the intelligence community.  It's sewing distrust.  These are the markings of a dictator.  Can the USA survive the installment of a dictator?  I don't think so.That's internally.  Externally, I have no idea what other world powers have cooking in response to this Administration.
Alright, I'm not OP but I want to keep repeating my prediction since I am very confident in it (and only grow more confident every day).So let me show you something that is a dead give-away of what America will become as the year drags on. Here is Trump's plan for the plan to defeat ISIS: >i) Development of a new plan to defeat ISIS (the Plan) shall commence immediately.    >(ii) Within 30 days, a preliminary draft of the Plan to defeat ISIS shall be submitted to the President by the Secretary of Defense.    >(iii) The Plan shall include:    >(A) a comprehensive strategy and plans for the defeat of ISIS;    >(B) recommended changes to any United States rules of engagement and other United States policy restrictions that exceed the requirements of international law regarding the use of force against ISIS;    >(C) public diplomacy, information operations, and cyber strategies to isolate and delegitimize ISIS and its radical Islamist ideology;>(D) identification of new coalition partners in the fight against ISIS and policies to empower coalition partners to fight ISIS and its affiliates;    >(E) mechanisms to cut off or seize ISIS's financial support, including financial transfers, money laundering, oil revenue, human trafficking, sales of looted art and historical artifacts, and other revenue sources; and (F) a detailed strategy to robustly fund the Plan.    >(b) Participants. The Secretary of Defense shall develop the Plan in collaboration with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, and the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism.    >(c) Development of the Plan. Consistent with applicable law, the Participants identified in subsection (b) of this section shall compile all information in the possession of the Federal Government relevant to the defeat of ISIS and its affiliates. All executive departments and agencies shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly comply with any request of the Participants to provide information in their possession or control pertaining to ISIS. The Participants may seek further information relevant to the Plan from any appropriate source.    >(d) The Secretary of Defense is hereby authorized and directed to publish this memorandum in the Federal Register    DONALD J. TRUMPThat's taken from the Whitehouse website.Now all of that stuff sounds pretty benign, right? Well, only if you cannot read Bullshit, which most Americans cannot. Bullshit is a highly complex language that requires a lot of knowledge of the context and character of the person speaking it to understand, so I will translate from Bullshit to English for you.>(B) recommended changes to any United States rules of engagement and other United States policy restrictions that exceed the requirements of international law regarding the use of force against ISIS;That really doesn't need a translation. He is openly talking about violating international law here, which means war crimes. Remember when he advocated for war crimes on national television? That should've crossed the line for any rational person, but there's apparently enough irrational Americans out there to allow him to win. This is the part where he starts terror bombing civilian populations.>(C) public diplomacy, information operations, and cyber strategies to isolate and delegitimize ISIS and its radical Islamist ideology;So this is the blocking off parts of the internet part he outlined above. While using it against ISIS isn't necessarily invalid (they do use the internet as a major recruitment tool), the problem lies with precedent. This sets the precedent that the government is allowed to step in and censor parts of the internet at will in the name of security. And do note that all awful things done by an autocrat are always said to be done in the name of security.>(D) identification of new coalition partners in the fight against ISIS and policies to empower coalition partners to fight ISIS and its affiliates;So let me ask you, who is currently fighting ISIS that we have yet to ally with? There is only one major power left in that conflict that we have yet to support: Russia. This is where the Kremlin's influence in the Trump regime becomes clear. This part of the plan is essentially the part where Trump has an excuse to finally give us the US-Russian partnership that Putin so craves.>(E) mechanisms to cut off or seize ISIS's financial support, including financial transfers, money laundering, oil revenue, human trafficking, sales of looted art and historical artifacts, and other revenue sources; and (F) a detailed strategy to robustly fund the Plan.Once again, this is a simple and valid strategy, but it sets a precedent for increasing police powers in regards to seizures, which could no doubt be turned against the civilian population of the United States.So here is what this year will bring:Trump continues to create distance between us and our allies with his diplomatic buggery. Meanwhile, a major terrorist attack happens on US soil. Potentially this attack would be encouraged by the Trump administration, or at least the warning signs will be overlooked. The attack will then be used as a precedent to roll out the things outlined above. Trump will order a land invasion of Iraq and Syria to defeat ISIS and will start violating the rules of war by torturing prisoners, leaving them in inhumane prison conditions, bombing civilian populations without any recourse, and using banned weapons. It will basically be our previous invasion of Iraq but much worse.This will no doubt foster resentment among the NATO powers, and Trump, Putin and Bannon are all hoping that this causes the NATO members, like Germany and France, to refuse to join the US in the invasion. This will be used as a pretext by Trump for dissolving NATO. Meanwhile, he and Breitbart will begin a social media frenzy praising the Russians for being strong for fighting ISIS and criticizing the Europeans as weak for refusing to join. All of this is used to preempt the Russo-American alliance.Sometime in the next few months, NATO will be dissolved and the US will lift sanctions on Russia (if it hasn't already). Then Trump will sign an agreement with the Russians that allows both militaries to work together in the Middle East. Sometime soon (probably in the summer of this year or the next; judging by the build up I'd say this year) Russia will invade and annex Ukraine and seek to diplomatically annex Belarus. The defenseless Balkan nations may also be a target if Putin believes that Germany and its European friends won't step up to defend them. Meanwhile, the Kremlin continues to strengthen ties with former NATO members like Turkey (they are already trying to warm relations with them as we speak) and continues its subversive activities in places like Europe in the hope of fostering destructive reactionary sentiment like in the US.I'll have to divide this in two due to the post count, so keep reading below.
This is melodramatic.There would be violence, I'm guessing. There might be deaths.A massacre is extremely unlikely.When was the last time the military was even used against civilians on home soil in the US? Police are way more dangerous....
Well a big problem was Occupy was its complete lack of focus and what it was demanding.  Yeah, they were against the banks...and some other stuff, but what were the demands that needed to be met?This one is simpler, get Trump and anyone who supports him out of office.  Organizing against something is much easier when you have a concrete goal. 
If occupy had just focused on proper justice for those responsible for the housing market crash, it could have succeeded. Instead, it splintered into a thousand fragments that are still struggling to come back together.
You are preaching to the choir. My username is literally a reference to the fact that it wasn't the success it could have been. I created this account back when it all went to shit and I've just sort of stuck with it ever since.
I can't imagine your struggle brother. The threat of dominionism is all too real these days, and I don't see this word mentioned nearly enough. Have you read 'American Fascists' by Chris Hedges by any chance?
> dominionistTIL this is a thing.  Wow.
I just googled dominionist. Well that is extremely accurate and should be used more. 
Is anyone really worried about that? The Macaroni n Cheese guy is absolutely destroying her in the polls. Even Frankie Fill-On has a pretty big lead over her.
Ah, thanks for clarifying. Didn't have time to corroborate but even that is a good sign
So...how hard is it to learn norwegian?
Anything like this for people from Ireland? 
but... but they also just have the website in english too...
This is the first harambe post I've ever up voted.
Key point of reactionism is a desire to return to the values of an *idealized* past.
Except the part where frogs won't actually stay in water when you heat it. 
If he has no idea what he is doing, then he can't really do any damage, can he?  Stalin and Hitler were brilliant at politics and bureaucracy.
The only case I know of a democratically-elected President making himself into a dictator is Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus.
Most experts predicted Hilary would win the election, obviously no one gave him a literal 0% chance 
That's ironic coming from someone who gets their news from /r/politics, the most liberal echo-chamber on this website.
No one who matters cares about the same media storm that had scandal after scandal before the election while propping up the other candidate like an angel and then stated on the front page of the new york times that the only reason america didn't elect the other candidate is because of sexism and racism. No one buys that but you all in your bubble. And you do buy it.  It makes you subscribe.  It's worth money. That same bubble that said there was no chance of reality being what it is with the President we have.  when will you all realize you're not living in reality?go burn down the berkeley library> squock squackIt really does seem that you all don't want to win.  You want to lose and pretend to have the upper hand because you're not capable of obtaining holding or utilizing power. You don't want to win, otherwise you might wise up.
I mean come the fuck on man. Your sentence is the biggest contradiction in relation to this sub. This sub is literally anti trump crybaby bullshit 24/7, with anything opposed to that consensus being downvoted to the bottom. 
Oh good another sub for people to splinter off into.
Tribalism is only one aspect of political motivation. Hardly a reason to throw up your hands and say it's all set in stone. Especially in the age of information.Misanthropy just isn't useful unless you're in the business of hurting other people or are too afraid to be hurt by others.
I'm a liberal, from a  conservative family. It does happen. Luckily my dad and I are on pretty good terms so he can tease me, good-naturedly, about being a damn liberal while still listening to my ideas respectfully. My mom and I don't talk politics...she doesn't like it, I think because she has some serious cognitive dissonance going on.
Not at all the case in my family. All 6 members were once Conservative. I was the 1st to crossover, then over about 5 years in the late 1990's 4 more of my family members became Dems. Only 1 of my brother's remains a conservative but he's really hating Trump and what he's doing. I switched to no party affiliation after this election because I am so disgusted by how the Democrats handled it. 
The right doesn't feel like the norms and laws of the nation apply to them. I'm starting to get this inclination that if that's the case, they shouldn't be protected by those norms and laws.
Can we wait until after the Game of Thrones season premiere? I hear it's going to be good!
That's what I thought was meant.  No, I do not agree with this idea at all.  I do not consent to be governed (read ruled over).  Further more, any idea imposed by force on a person by the government or the majority or the minority or another individual is the antithesis of Liberty.  If it has to be imposed, it's not a contract.   Contracts are for voluntary interactions only.  
I was an AP student in the 80's and early 90's, never learned Social Contract in class, only by reading classics afterwards 
Ideally there would be something similar to the right wing militia movement in existence on the left. Vulnerable communities need the means to protect themselves from authoritarianism.
America has a gun problem and you are contributing to it. 
Shouldn't we see if that prediction comes to fruition before behaving as if it has?
Less then one month in and Trump has discredited the media, discredited the judicial system, praised Putin, told he will increase policing, and told he will crack down on voters. I think this looks like a solid start for authoritarian rule in a democratic republic society. 
Right now, Trump and Co have only grabbed Lady Liberty by the pussy and has a hand inside her bra, unwilling as she may be.  Much of America may be very very upset by this, but Liberty lives.Denial of midterms, however, would be akin to drugging, raping, and murdering Lady Liberty.If you think the imagery is horrific, well, good, you have qualities such as compassion, morals...  it is horrific, and it deserves to be treated as such.It would be a direct attack on the very founding principles of our nation, and if you ever, once, meant what you said when you pledged to the flag, it would be your duty to be up in arms against such a threat.
> Have we fallen into total facism yet?Absolutely, yes we have. It's not just fascism once people start getting moved into death camps. Wake up. It's happening *now.*
Trump vastly underestimates the power of the West Coast.  The I-5 corridor is one of the richest stretches of land in the world.  It is a prime longitudinal slice of the Earth's coastal ecosystems with almost every single mineral resource imaginable in the leeward interior.American Fascism will not touch the West Coast.  
It would. Suspending the 2018 midterms would be the most blatant violation of the constitution the U.S. has ever seen. Not a violation to be debated in courts and by constitutional law scholars, but an out-right suspension of the rule of law. If the Federal Government does that, it loses all legitimacy, and the states have no obligation to remain in the Union.If Trump managed to suspend an election, California would not wait 10 seconds before leaving the union, and many other states would follow.
Frogs in boiling water...
Yes... but it has also not happened. Like when Jackson challenged the judicial branch over native american land rights.That was a clear breach of the laws in place. And yet the nation persists, centuries later.It's just as much a fallacy to think because fascism happens that it will always happens.We must be vigilant.
Yeah, but they Russians aren't asking for anything the Republicans aren't willing to give. It's an inconvenience, not a threat. 
Lol. Republicans are so anti-science now they're arguing against cause and effect.
Back to your safe space, snowflake.
Getting very close to the 250 year average. https://jotmonline.com/tag/life-cycle-of-an-empire/
> There isn't a single empire that has lasted indefinitely. Rome eventually fell. So will the USA.If I were designing a country from scratch, one of my top priorities would be figuring out how to engineer a graceful failure mode into the state, aiming for harm reduction rather than harm prevention. 
I am very afraid we will see Muslims rounded up and put in FEMA CAMPS (remember those?)  for extreme vetting if a terrorist attack were to occur...
A global power shift on the magnitude that an American collapse would cause can bring only war--lots of it--as China, Russia, Europe, and possibly Japan rush to fill the vacuum.  And that's leaving out the chaos in South America, Africa, and the Middle East, although they might not be affected as much (unless they get invaded by one of the aforementioned powers).  Meanwhile, Australia will say WTF, mates?! and go into self-defense, and Canada and Mexico will wish they could move.
Sowing is planting seedsSewing is needle and thread. 
If it happens, there will be no rally to the President movement. Not for a guy that far underwater.But there will be *blame*.Not to say there won't be attempts by the President and Republicans to reproduce the 9/11 rally, but...Dubya had a lot more goodwill and terrorism was pretty unknown at the time. Now? You have a very disliked President who is publicly tossing aside allies, alienating people, installing corrupt incompetents, politicizing the NSC, and spending most of his time on Twitter. It won't be How could this have happened like 9/11. It will be *How could you have let this happen*. 
Trump is executing Putin's plan perfectly.  He's a fucking TRAITOR.
They want the left to retaliate. 
[deleted]
Meanwhile, on the home front, Trump will have been rolling out the aforementioned measures to test the waters. If people seem to be comfortable with online censorship and expanded police powers, he will simply continue to expand those operations even more. This is all likely to occur before the major terrorist attack.Once that attack occurs, we need to be ready, because that will be the impetus for Trump and Bannon to make their move. Suddenly any criticism of the war in the Middle East will be swiftly censored by the regime. The police will be called upon to find suspected terrorists and unlawfully imprison them in black sites (just like what happened after 9/11). Other Muslims will be put on a database and no doubt will have to carry around some form of ID in case they get stopped by the police. Trump's regime does the same for Hispanic Americans, deporting any who cannot prove their citizenship. The ensuing protests and riots from these actions are strangled in the crib as police violently shut them down.Breitbart becomes the de-facto state mouthpiece for which nearly 40% of the population relies on to get their news. Other news channels may be coerced into reporting only what the regime wants people to know, and dissident channels might be shut down completely. Many liberals in the media like Bill Maher leave for Canada and establish it as a new base of operations. This sours the pot of US-Canadian relations more, as Trump demands that the Canadians turn them over. Trudeau, of course, refuses. Hate crimes spike in the US but they go unreported because of the censorship. Police crackdowns and violence also spike but are unreported.Meanwhile, the Republican Congress is secretly dismantling as much as they can before the mid-terms. Our national parks are privatized and any kind of environmental regulations are repealed. Our water is no longer safe to drink and our air becomes unfit to breath. Energy companies are given free reign to drill and mine where they please. Other regulations, such as labor protections and safety regulations, will also be repealed. The Democrats mount ineffective resistance, but they never manage to do anything because they refuse to play dirty. Our public schools will be dismantled and sold off to the highest bidder. The ACA will be dismantled and the remainder will be sold off to the highest bidder. Even infrastructure may find itself privatized and sold off. Before long, the only thing in America that is still run by the government in most states will be the military, which they will expand to an obscene level. Meanwhile, the public stays blind to all of this, as the rolled out censorship by Trump also keeps journalists from reporting these incidences.Voter suppression and gerrymandering continues. The expanded police powers end up putting a lot of minorities in prison, further straining the liberal voter base. Like last election, voting machines will not be properly allocated to urban areas, resulting in long lines and, of course, hurting the democrats. Censorship extremely limits what democratic candidates are allowed to put in their ads. 2018 will not be a fair and free election. It will be a wash for the Republicans, finally giving them the seats to impose whatever they want on America.All of this could be accomplished by the Trump regime rolling out some kind of emergency wartime powers or otherwise using the war *that they created* as an excuse to take more and more control.Eventually, probably by 2020, Trump will turn on the Republicans. Anyone who isn't a loyal yesman will be purged from the ranks, maybe in the most literal sense. Trump's loyal military wing facilitates a bold coup d'etat (although it had been in progress for the last four years, effectively) and now the Trump regime abandons the last vestiges of democracy. The people, of course, are helpless to do anything because he still has the loyalty of at least a third of the country, many of whom are in the military or police forces.A few rebellions pop up and a resistance movement is established, but the resulting crackdowns are severe. Soon dissidents are simply rounded up and thrown into what are basically concentration camps (but of course they won't be called that, just to ease the minds of his ignorant supporters). Muslims and illegals will join them. The camps have squalid conditions and are a breeding ground for disease, causing many thousands to die. Eventually any group that becomes a target for the Trump regime ends up here. It could very well be LGBTQ groups next. Anybody that Trump can justify as an enemy will be thrown into a camp. Academics and other liberals will also be targeted by the regime and forced to censor what they say in the classroom or face being sent to the camps.Meanwhile, Trump makes due on his promise and invades Mexico due to some incidences on the border with the Cartel. The Cartel proves to be a harder nut to crack, though, and mounts an effective guerrilla war that ends up bleeding the US military. A diplomatic insult or incident could also lead to war with Canada.Eventually, at some point in the coming two or three decades, World War Three will begin. It will be fought between an alliance of Russia and America (and their respective satellites) versus Europe. The war will devolve into a bloody stalemate, probably in Eastern Europe. If the Trump regime has not yet invaded Canada by this point, then it will happen now.Eventually, mid way through the war, Bannon finally manipulates Trump into guaranteeing a war against China. China swiftly invades Russia and defeats them after a massive and bloody conflict, but the US remains unobtainable by both the Chinese and Europeans due to their naval superiority and vast oceans. However, Trump is very old and not in good health, so he dies in the middle of the war. If Bannon is still alive, he seizes power but runs into conflict with other aspiring dictators. If he is not alive, that job falls to some other lackey of the regime. This is used as the perfect time to strike. Rebellions occur in cities like Chicago, and entire states in New England and the West Coast secede. They ally with the Europeans and Chinese and retake America after a civil war. They could also play on the war-weariness of the people to take over in a bloodless coup like the Wiemar Republic did.WWIII is the most destructive conflict in history. Most of the people posting here will not survive. Hundreds of millions have died and the world is in utter shambles. However, humanity rebuilds and recovers under a new world hegemony. The United States may not exist any more. It will probably be divided between a western occupation zone (based from the rebels in California and backed by the Chinese) and an eastern occupation zone (based from the rebels in New England and backed by the Europeans). A new cold war starts between Europe and China. The world will take about a century to rebuild, at which point we will find some way to start WWIV.That's my prediction for the future. It isn't going to be good, whatever it is.
Fuck, he's already saying the fbi should stop watching white supremacist groups in America. Bet one of the will do an attack on American soil so it can be blamed on Muslims. 
Now that I think about it, that's really what I meant. The police, not the military.
That's what you get when Anarchists are in charge of a movement. No direction, no leadership. Just show up in an area in large numbers and pretty much hang out or break shit. 
it's only bad if I flirt with other men, the rolls of fat on my coworkers chins begin to literally shake
Just added to my list. Thanks for the rec, there aren't nearly enough critical looks at the implications of fundamentalist thinking inside our own borders. Seems like it would be a brilliant documentary. (I also want someone to make a great film about this lizard people nonsense.)
If there's one thing we've learned is there's always a fucking chance.
Hillary comfortably lead Trump in the months leading into the election too. Anything is possible in this fucked up world. 
Good! But then I thought after Brexit, the US would be able to see the troubles linked to Trump too. *Sigh!*
If it's any comfort, most Norwegians know English
Doesn't get much easier than Norwegian. 
It's on duolingo. 
Oh.......... Never mind then :l
Can we punch grammar nazis too?
They will if you put a lid on it. 
People: dumber than frogs
Oh, well... Lobsters then! Let's go with lobsters! XD
Of course he can do damage. Ignorance doesn't leave you invulnerable to damage, in fact, your likely to cause more damage. Just look what he has done to our relations around the world in three fucking weeks. How can you claim someone who is stupid wont cause damage on something they dont understand?He may not be a Stalin or Hitler and that is a good thing, but he can do some serious damage, especially if his master (Putin) guides him along. Look, find something you dont understand, like your car or your computer, fuck with it and see how that turns out for you...i can guarantee you will fuck it up. 
If you don't know how to drive a car, you really can't do any damage.Sure, you can do way more damage by intentionally driving into a crowd of people at an event, but if you accidentally drive into traffic because you don't know the rules or how your vehicle handles, you are still going to hurt people and get them killed.Government is the same. A lack of decisions might not be as bad as stupid decisions, but you'd usually want to err on the side of making okayish decisions.
Well Hitler was democratically elected in 1933 and used his minority government to rig the system and take complete control.Robert Mugabe was elected on a wave of popularity.Jorge Ubico - President of Guatemala. Elected, but suppressed opposition and assumed dictatorial powers.Ahmet zogu - Originally elected Prime Minister of Albania 1922-1924 and 1925; President of Albania 1925-1928; crowned himself King of the Albanians (as Zog I) 1928-1939. Described as a dictator Francisco Macas Nguema -President of Equatorial Guinea 1968-1979. Elected in 1968 but declared himself President for Life in 1972; extreme personality cult; over a third of population fled his regime. 
Exactly. Upsets happen. Look at sport. Doesn't mean you disregard experts when these things happen.
Straw man. 
The irony, considering I see The_Dullard in your post history.
[squock squack](http://i.imgur.com/zkkOT0y.jpg)
Nah, I don't buy it either.  Don't assume.  The last 8 years having control of the White House was a good thing to enjoy and witness.  Having control of both houses of Congress and the WH was good also.  Just like the tide, power ebbs and flows.  
The comments downvoted are downvoted because it is the usual Trump supporter bullshit of 'liberal tears' and MAGA!. On ocassion you see a Trump supporter post something if substance and it will be upvoted. Why don't you attempt to add some substance to this sub? If you want to talk like an adult I'd be happy to.
You've misunderstood. I'm implying that my parent masturbating themselves for being so much more empathetic and compassionate than conservatives is not just conceited and needlessly divisive, it's flat out wrong.And no, I'm not a conservative.
I'm a left wing something, kinda close to anarchism, but there is still some government and all, if you get what I mean. I come from a Rush Limbaugh listening, O Riley watching, Reaganomics supporting family. It gets interesting. 
I am too. Hence the word usually. Anecdotes aside, we're very much in the minority.
The complacency of the majority is what will be the downfall of Our Democracy. We will sit in our home while the rights of minorities are slowly eroded away. Because it isn't affecting me and my favorite television show. 
Someone assaults you and robs you of your property, let's say a very expensive and unique wristwatch that you can prove is yours and that you had the foresight to have a GPS tracker installed on. They get away but you know where to find them. What is your reaction? Do you:A) Move on with life an accept that you can do nothing about it.B) Personally track down the person that did it to get redress, potentially bringing a weapon to try to force them to comply, knowing that they might have weapons of their own.C) Call the police, let them handle the investigation and subsequent arrest. Then have criminal and/or civil charges filed in the courts.If your answer is A, then I suppose you're living up to your principles, even if they're pointless and dumb.If your answer is B, then you're probably delusional and need to stop watching action movies.If your answer is C, then congratulations, that's acceptance of the social contract.
Is your name a PKD reference?
Are you serious?! Because I am only a few years younger than you probably and I learned about that in middle school. I guess Massachusetts really does have a better education system...
So... antifa?
Poor America. Won't someone think of America?! 
Trump has *attempted* to discredit the media and judiciary. It's not clear he's succeeding (compare to Putin's Russia where that has already been done). 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtOOuN6_ecA
The problem is that Trump isn't wrong. Our for-profit media has been shit for a long time. They absolutely peddle fake news, and shape stories to push a narrative that furthers the owners or advertisers agendas. Likewise, our legal system is a farce. It protects the rich and fucks the poor, dishes out justice by color, sex, and creed. Those in system exist above it and are generally beyond reproach.These are real problems that really need to be fixed. He's tapped into what everyone sees and is offering a solution, even if it's the wrong one, and people are latching onto in good faith because no one else is doing something about it.If you're serious about stopping Trump, then these structural issues *must* be addressed.
Ah, Lady Liberty was asking for it. Have you seen how she dresses?I really really wish that I didn't need the /s
If this is what makes the left think hey...maybe we shouldn't actually try to take everyone's firearms...that would be the best thing that could happen to the party.  Once the left drops the hurp durp ammosexual redneck small penis shit and tells Bloomberg to keep his money, they would win every election.  Making fun of millions of gun owners doesn't help them too much.
Bash the fash
Voter suppression and fake news are a case by case basis and you have no evidence to connect them all together into a larger network outside of your own confirmation bias. Its especially so when you can just focua on gerrymandering and get the same point across. but Democrats actually have to win a majorly in order to reverse that and they wont because its an issue that compounds on itself.
I'll take that as a yes. 
The 7 steps of empire is nice, but that blog posts conclusion is remove currency, and isn't going to do much to convince anyone.
Bingo.   We're descending into this much much faster than I could have possibly imagined.  The Administration is ALREADY preparing us for this inevitability.  All the fear mongering and scare tactics and raids that started this past few days.I'm not a religious person, but Steve Bannon is evil incarnate.  He will bring incredible destruction to our lives.
Wait, aren't all the FEMA camps filled to capacity with freedom/gun-loving patriots rounded up by Obama?
Where is the ICE putting all the people they're rounding up right now? Could it be a...camp like set-up?
Classic projection. Why camps? Because they keep thinking about the holocaust.Why rounding up their people? *Because that's what they would do to their opposition if it was them in power.*
But I am Le Tired
Canada and Mexico will benefit big time, especially given all the jaded Americans wanting out for a better life.Wilfred Laurier was a century too early when said the 20th Century would belong to Canada.
thanks.
I disagree with you.The Administration still has the strong support of a good 35% of this country.   That's more than enough support to have a rally to support the president.  Of course, another 40% + will strongly disagree.  This is why I'm predicting mass panic and chaos.The USA won't survive another terror attack with This Administration in power.  It's chief aim is to divide and conquer.  Right now, we are being divided.
> terrorism was pretty unknown at the timeI think this is a bit revisionist. I visited the WTC in 1999 and remembered the '93 attack on the WTC. I was pretty young at the time. The USS Cole attack happened in 2000, and there were embassy attacks and other attacks as well all throughout the '90s (never mind Timothy McVeigh and the OKC bombing). The incredibly popular video game Counter-Strike came out in Nov 9, 2000, nearly a year before 9/11.The difference was 9/11 was a carefully choreographed event for US television. It was meant to be a highly visible shocking event.Bush was coming out of an election where he lost the popular vote. He was nowhere near as bad as Trump, but he was not that well-liked, either. He was mocked pretty much throughout his presidency.And yet. On Sept 11, *most* of America put their brain in a jar and let their emotions take the wheel. A lot of news programs were preparing people for war and urging war before we even knew who did it.A lot of dead Americans on TV has a way of shutting down debate.
Look up Reichstag Fire
It literally doesn't matter.
You really have to ask? Read a little.  Study a little?  History?  Context?
A terror attack on US soil (wink, wink)
You had me till 'war with Canada' c'mon brother an insult or incident won't cause any war between us....we have kfc knives and forks as our main source of weaponry....we however are great peace-keepers and welcoming of war-torn refugees!
Bold predictions, but a real civil war would actually break out if the administration tried to pull most of that shit. Sure they can get away with increased powers, and discrimination of immigrants and Muslims, maybe even the dissolution of NATO. But a full rescinding of American rights, a violent crackdown on peaceful protests and liberals, and invading our longtime allies and friends? Forget it, most states would rather secede than take part in such a corrupt government.I live in Colorado, and even conservative Coloradans would not stand for such nonsense, there would be open rebellion. California, Washington, Oregon, New York etc. Would all fight back before it even got close to the levels you're talking about, there would be a full scale civil war before it got close to the levels you're talking about. 
Wolverines!
They can't have a direction or leadership because then they would alienate 50% of the people there. It's easy to have a movement when your platform is as general as 'change'
Oh, there was leadership. Remember wiggly fingers and the progressive stack?
[Hypernormalisation ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=f9m2yReECak)
Haha I have a book to recommend about 'lizard people' too - 'The Gods of Eden' by William Bramley. Get ready for your world to be turned upside down/inside out. 
Sure but she needs to make up a 20-30 point difference in a few months.
She has to get to the second round and then everyone who isn't for the FN will vote for whoever the other party is because Brexit and Trump were the warnings.
Sure but she didn't lead Trumpster Fire by 20-30 points like Emmanuel Hot-For-Teacher Macaroni-man is leading Le Pencil right now. Even Franklin Filt is up 15-20 points over her.
That makes *you* the grammar nazi!
Or a wall around it. >.>
Unfortunately Trump is sitting on Bannon's lap in this hypothetical driver's seat.
Hitler was appointed.  His party won majority seats in the Reichstag, but Hitler lost the election but was appointed Chancellor.
Aka facts I don't like 
But I don't see it in yours, and yet I post in both politics and T_D... so who is more unbiased?
Of course you don't buy it.  You buy things you want to believe.  Like excuses for why your politicians don't accomplish much.What did Obama do?  Persecute whistleblowers?  Not close Guantanamo?  Watch on TV as the supreme court condemned DOMA even though he was too much of a coward to support the position during the elections? Watch on TV as states legalized cannabis even though his executive branch made CBD illegal?  Watch the healthcare policy he spent all his capital on slowly dissipate? Decide to give up control of the internet infrastructure? Allow China to create islands in the South China Seas? Allow Crimea to be taken? The new national land was nice.  That and the beer recipe.
There is nothing to be added when anything of the opposition is thrown to the bottom. The only thing of substance that this cesspool creates, is the tinfoil hatters and the crybabies that make up 80% of this sub. I mean seriously I get such a laugh whenever I come on here to find some of the most baseless accusations being thrown around like its the truth. This shithole has never been a place of discussion. It's purely anti-trump/conservative with mods that make sure the narrative is maintained. There is a good reason this sub is constantly mocked and labeled as biased.
Even though you're critiquing it, I'd like to leave aside /u/the_last_carfighter's sentiment that Liberal = compassionate. You're giving a reason for the nurture side of the nature vs nurture of political leaning, and I'm critiquing the fatalism behind that. There are various reasons that we are all the way that we are, but they don't invalidate the work of the discussion or efforts to change and influence the way others think.
That was the point I was using satire to portray, but as usual reddit is as dense as a neutron star...
Unfortunately this time of year, where I live, we physically can't demonstrate, it's too damn cold and snowy and windy out.April is going to be a fun month though. Making plans to head to DC then.
Further more, any idea imposed by force on a person by the government or the majority or the minority or another individualThe idea here would be that the robber thinks they can impose force to take my property.  A good definition of Liberty is self ownership. That includes my person, property, and labor/time.  No one has the right to confiscate any of these things from me unless I agree to it without being pressured into the decision.  One of the options I have is the 2nd amendment.   Now, I will acquiesce that it is good to have a court/police system.  But only to prevent the INITIATION of violence which includes fraud.  The only social contract I will agree to is the non-aggression principle.  I would like to say that the NAP precludes being governed(being told I have to pay for all kinds of shit I don't need or want).  Under said NAP, you could live your whole live never having any interactions with any kind of government.  Therefore, not being governed.
Like, it obviously is.  Or were you fishing credit for getting the reference?
It could be, but how would _I_ ever know, huh? Maybe I'm just _meant_ to think that it's a PKD reference that's different just enough to be available a five years ago. 
No, the current manifestation of antifa is a bunch of morons. Running around and smashing windows and pepper spraying people doesn't do anything for anyone. We need literal, prepared, organized militias. The Black Bloc kiddies should go home, educate and organize their communities, and train themselves in survivalism and gun use. 
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-u-s-gun-deaths-compare-to-other-countries/
To anyone with half a brain it only emboldened the credibility with sources who are criticizing the adminstration.
On left and right media is discredited; no one trusts anyone. Judiciary is still standing strong. 
It reminds of the book How to Kill a Million People. It's a short book, with the answer being You Lie to Them.
dead link
I just wanted a reference for the 250 year average life span number. 
I've been trying to figure out why they're moving so quickly with all this, no honeymoon period AT ALL. The best reason I can come up with is that they must know that the truth about Trump's relationship with Putin will come out sooner rather than later, so they have to make their power grab before any impeachment proceedings are started.
> We're descending into this much much faster than I could have possibly imagined.The Reichstag Fire and subsequent emergency powers came only four weeks after Hitler's appointment as Chancellor.The doors of KZ Dachau were open less than four weeks after that.**These things happen fast.**
So when the inevitable shit hits the fan, I believe Steve Bannon is the enemy of the american public and should be dealt with swiftly and without mercy?
Yes, and he took all their guns and ammunition like the liberal fascist he is! /s
I thought FEMA camps were Bush vintage crazy?
Very good question, indeed! 
Dubya jumped from the mid-50s to almost *90%* after 9/11. That's a rally.Having the same level of support before and after is not a rally. If your approval ratings are still negative, while you technically might be having a rally, it doesn't really matter.People view events through their own expectations. Dubya wasn't carrying Trump's baggage.That 35% will remain solid. The 40% will remain solid, if even angrier because they feel Trump was too incompetent to stop it. The remainder is the real question, but given Trump's approval ratings, they already have a poor opinion of him.And in the end, if you're forced to choose between It's his fault and Nobody could have seen it coming and the person in question is someone you already dislike, how do you think you'll lean?
And what I find terrifying is that those supporters are much more likely to have guns.
Yeah but a lot of that 35% is in places where a terrorist attack is never going to happen. It's going to happen in a city full of liberals who will blame Trump more than it will blame the terrorists at this point. They will be angry.
[deleted]
You're kidding right? People are way too comfortable to start a civil war. Fuck that. There's no fucking way. The military would shut it down immediately and murder all of them. An actual civil/revolutionary war will never happen again.
Just read a description. I can't stomach reading from the viewpoint of someone who thinks this stuff is real. I've read excerpts of Icke, and I'm comfortable in disregarding his evidence (to be polite).I've not heard of Bramley. Is he full-on lizard people like Icke, or is it more aliens? Some form of alien theory probably isn't outrageous. But pretty much the lack of evidence makes much of it indiscernible from sci-fi.
Yeah but no one thought Brexit and President Trump were possible either
I think if Trump had have come first Brexit wouldn't have happened. I was watching a video from the British parliament yesterday and they really don't like Trump at all. 
They also don't have an Electoral College. Polls are based on popular vote, which is worthless in the US at this point.
No just a fascist, because they're preventing open dialogue which is a liberal necessity, in favor of violence. This shifts the control of truth from democratic consensus to whoever has force or the threat of force. Purification of the weak through violence is the keystone to fascist ideology. In Italy there are two types of fascists: fascists and anti-fascists - Ennio FlaianoSpeculating but I suppose control though force is because they don't trust in democracies to not be coerced by clear falsehoods. Liberal rebuttal to that is that any democracy that is coerced by untruths deserves it. Which the response would be that only the majority do, not the minority. Why would it seem logical to someone to value justice for the minority at the expense of justice for the majority, other than 'revenge'? Revenge morally supported by the equaling out of historical injustices that led them to their current minority status. This is how violence begets violence. 
Regardless, my point still stands that there is historical precedent for democratically elected dictators. Even if there weren't you'd have to be fairly naive to believe it wasn't possible.
How do you know the person you are responding to *only* gets their news from /r/politics? You are here as well, and you presumably get your news from other places to right?
Since you probably don't know, a Straw Man argument is one where an intentionally misrepresented proposition is set up because it is easier to defeat than an opponent's real argument. Your intentionally misrepresented proposition is your claim that I get my news from /r/politics.It doesn't even make sense, because you're here in /r/politics too.
Based on that? Me.
You said that I/we  buy it.   I stated to you that I don't,  buy it,  and I was agreeing with you.  Now that you may understand, just take a deep breath.  It's ok.  Politics is a rough and tumble sport here in America, and it's the best system in the world.  :-)~
Link me to a post you made that was well thought out and reasonable where you got downvoted. Hell, it doesn't even have to be from you. You can't complain about a sub when you make no effort to contribute anything worthwhile. YOU are part of the problem.
Why not head to DC earlier (provided the weather in DC allows you to demonstrate)? The weather where you live shouldn't impact that.
You believe tax is theft? 
> The idea here would be that the robber thinks they can impose force to take my property. A good definition of Liberty is self ownership. That includes my person, property, and labor/time. No one has the right to confiscate any of these things from me unless I agree to it without being pressured into the decision. One of the options I have is the 2nd amendment.That's nice and all if you lived in an ideal world of angelic automatons. But grow the fuck up. People will steal. People will murder. You can't sit on a pile of everything you own with a gun and guard it 24/7 against all comers. I don't care what government you live under, someone out there will break it's laws. And if there are no laws, then your political theory won't be worth a damn to people with bigger guns than you.>Now, I will acquiesce that it is good to have a court/police system. But only to prevent the INITIATION of violence which includes fraud. The only social contract I will agree to is the non-aggression principle.Cops aren't able to be everywhere all the time. If your concept of what can be done to stop crime is limited purely to prevention and immediate intervention, and wholly leaving out the investigation and prosecution of crimes, then you might as well just go to anarchy. Do we just ignore dead bodies that people find?>I would like to say that the NAP precludes being governed(being told I have to pay for all kinds of shit I don't need or want). Under said NAP, you could live your whole live never having any interactions with any kind of government. Therefore, not being governed.Short of finding yourself in the untamed wilderness or an anarchy reminiscent of Somalia circa mid 90s, what you want isn't possible. It definitely isn't preferable to the vast majority of people, since very few people want to wander around like a lonely caveman stereotype, nor do they want to live in the kind of country where roving militia bands set up checkpoints demanding cash from cars.
Well, perhaps these people who want to form these liberal militias should get their shit together.Of course, there are a number of tactical considerations to be overcome before an organised militia is in any way practical
You're not getting it: the working class must be armed in order to facilitate the eventual revolution. 
Half a brain is looking more and more like it's too high a bar. I'm surrounded by people who have completely bought into the fake news narrative -- and I'm not in Bumfuck, KA, I'm in San Diego, CA.
Yep.Power corrupts.  We're seeing it first hand.  Power can corrupt someone so badly, that they're blind to how their behaviors will ultimately destroy them.We got a front row seat.
> I've been trying to figure out why they're moving so quickly with all this, no honeymoon period AT ALL. This is the honeymoon period. The first hundred days are when the whole country rallies around the president and he tries to get as much done as he can before congress starts campaigning for their jobs again.This is what he wanted to do with his honeymoon period. Bannon, I mean.
Ding ding ding
Could just be Trump's personality and incompetence, too. One only has so long before the useful idiot makes an ass of himself.I'm not saying the Russia blackmail *isn't* happening, just that it's not the only reason why the Republican Party would want to rush things along. I think almost everyone thinks some kind of implosion is inevitable, or at least likely, at this point.
Yes, it will be very swift once the terror attack happens.  It'll happen so fast, your heads will spin.  he said.
Oh, they've already got the camps and black sites ready; where did you think those people being detained during the travel ban got shipped to?They're just slobbering waiting for the other boot to drop. With Bannon in control of the NSC, they can just let a terrorist through a gap they created and blow up something important, then start their crackdown.
His supporters are already armed and if you look at t_d, every day you see raw frothing hate against the enemies deliberately stoked with fake news and lies. Its absolutely organized and calculated, very far from being a bunch of disorganized shitposters. The Brownshirts are already here, they just need to be activated. He declares an emergency, says he is going to institute a new civil guard, and it just happens to be made up of his vetted supporters. They could be unleashed to do violence the same way paramilitaries are always used to unofficially massacre people.
We are still a nation of laws.  I'd like to hold onto that.
Don't ever under estimate the enormous stupidity of a frightened (and divided) mass of people.
This is unfortunately, terrifyingly, true.
Which is why you should probably get some while you still can.
The liberals in major cities are already pissed and angry.  A terror attack won't change their mind.
Yup, I knew your slant. That's why I answered you the way I did.  Don't waste my time with asking misleading questions.  It's dishonest.
I don't think people would be comfortable if they start doing good what you predict they're going to do. Americans are a proud people, and despite Trump's election most Americans will support freedom and Democracy with their lives. Those things are our fundamental rights and they will not be taken away by some despot, terrorist attack or not. Btw most of the military would turn on Trump before they turned their guns on American citizens within America, they volunteered to defend America not destroy it. You underestimate the underlying fire of the American people, sure we have been complacent since the end of the cold war, but that will end real quick once our rights are taken away.
I would check your prejudice and give it a chance. Bramley is a pseudonym for an attorney who sought to answer the question 'why does modern human history seem to be an unending series of war and conflict.' He did not go into the project believing in UFOs/aliens but he came to the conclusion that modern civilization was likely started by the ET 'gods' Enlil and Anu and has been manipulated/controlled via brotherhood organizations (Masons, Knights Templar, Rosicrucians, Assasins, etc...). I agree this perspective is hard to stomach as it calls into question your entire understanding of reality, but I have found it has led me to a very rewarding spiritual viewpoint on life. The biggest piece of evidence imo is the sudden emergence of civilization in Babylon that has every aspect of modern civilization in history without any real 'progression' from tribal societies.Anyway none of this is appropriate for this thread so DM me if you want to continue this discussion.
 Both the UK and US had a lot of people not taking it seriously and realising they should've voted the other way pretty shortly after it went through. Unlike those, France has a second round with a direct vote on the 2 top candidates. I feel like that will both provide that wake-up period and galvanise opposition who didn't realise she had a chance.
Both Brexit and the 2016 US general election polling was neck and neck prior to voting (Brexit: 48 stay - 46 leave) (2016 Election: Clinton 43, Trump 42), whereas Maccaron Chacaron is up 65-35 against L'Panache and Filthy Frank is up 60-40 against her. The election is in 2 months. Do you honestly think there will be a 30 point swing in Le Pen's favor in that time?
Yes.  And to be clear, tax as defined as something that is not voluntary.
I agree but at what point do those in power realize that they serve the will of the people or else?
An eye for an eye and the world goes blind! 
I don't. But don't underestimate the capacity of the public to seek someone to blame. An out of the blue event makes them seek safety. An issue they thought solved means they seek someone to blame.It's been 15 years with no real attacks on American soil. New guy comes along, is widely disliked, seems incompetent and screwing up everything he touches....You can't tell me that there's not an instinctive urge to blame him.
Shine a light on them, and they vanish.
>despite Trump's election most Americans will support freedom and Democracy with their lives. 51% of Americans think the President should be able to override the courts
As a reminder, this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil)* Do not call other users trolls, morons, children, or anything else clever you may think of. [Personal attacks, whether explicit or implicit, are not permitted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_no_personal_attacks)* Do not accuse other users of being shills. If you believe that a user is a shill, the proper conduct is to report the user or send us a modmail.* In general, don't be a jerk. Don't bait people, don't use hate speech, etc. Attack ideas, not users.* Do not downvote comments because you disagree with them, and be willing to upvote quality comments whether you agree with the opinions held or not.Incivility will result in a **permanent ban** from the subreddit. If you see uncivil comments, please report them and do not reply with incivility of your own.****I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You know what I noticed about Sanders? The mother fucker can say whatever the fuck he wants about Trump and Trump uncharacteristically never strikes back...he also tried to appease Bernie Sanders voters during the election.If I didn't know any better, the Donald appears afraid of Bernie.
I don't understand the Bhagavad Gita. Wanna know why? Because I've never read it. I suspect Biff is having the same problem with the Constitution. 
As long as everyone wants to keep believing that the administration is inept and doesn't know what it's doing, we'll all miss what's really happening here.The US government is overtaken by a coup attempt.  All the drip drip about Russian meddling, and Flynn, and Steve Bannon is pointing to the same thing.  This is a coup.I hope someone in the upper echelons of Congress starts to use this word.  If we don't call this what it is, we will lose this great nation.
You can't misunderstand something you haven't read and don't care about. 
Even if the whole constitution was read out on Fox News, he still wouldn't understand it because he would get bored after the first sentence.
All candidates should have to pass a rigorous test on constitutional and international law before being permitted to run for president.
Wow another interesting and useful front page thread about Bernie Sanders saying a thing nobody disagrees with. Thanks for this, the sub didn't look like enough of an echo chamber. 
Clearly.
Sanders does not understand healthcare -- as was seen during his demolishment by Ted Cruz.
Trump doesn't understand a goddamn thing.
Diddling Donny doesn't understand ALOT of things, the Constitution being one of them. Why do you think he has well over 3000 + lawsuit against him?He does understand one thing though. How to screw everyone over.
I'm sure he's never read it./r/TrumpCannotRead
Well, to be fair, it's hard to understand a document if he's never read it in the first place, which he clearly hasn't.
I don't know that it's specifically ignorance or simply apathy...
He sure as hell hasn't read it.
What he doesn't understand is that the Constitution is far more sturdy and resilient than the Palm Beach Zoning Code.
I hate that Bernie is trying to stay relevant for a 2020 run because he'll absolutely never win, and we'll get four more years of Trump. Sanders is just another Ralph Nader. He already cost us one election and we absolutely can't risk losing again.I hope to god the DNC doesn't let him jump in again for a quick swim in the Democrat pool. It was beyond disgusting that Sanders went back to being an independent the day after he lost, and it proved his affiliation as a Democrat was only to leverage the voter base that Independents would never have.He was a traitor to our party and to our country because he put his ego ahead of what was good for America. At least now we know Stein did it because the Kremlin was funding her, but Bernie sacrificed our future for nothing more than fame. There's nothing more disgusting than that.
I mean this in the kindest way possible but who gives a shit what Sanders says.  He says a lot.  What does he actually plan to do about it?  I want real action. 
and neither does sanders, so?
All the senators like Sanders do is talk and talk and talk. When it came time for proper action Sanders fd it up by not quitting in late Feb prolonging a divide in Dems that cost the election. People were saying the GOP is fractured. It was the Dems thanks to Sanders.Introduce a bill for better college education, healthcare etc. And other points he cares about. Who is he waiting for to do it? He's IN Congress. What was he gonna do as president ? Congress has to start this. Surely he should try instead of just talking non stop and spoiling chances for people. 
See [Scumbag Trump](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/5sacsp/scumbag_trump):> Promises to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution, to the best of his ability.> Outraged when others do a better job.
There is very little evidence Trump understands anything at all. 
[Well he can't read good, so](https://youtu.be/KXGuJlTVXfw)
Not really new
Did he even tryed to read it?
This was evident during the debates lol
Doesn't understand? You're giving him too much credit. I don't think he has even read it.
Even though I hate Trump, he's not the only one that doesn't understand it... there's a LOT of idiots in Washington who either don't understand OR care about the constitution. Trump needs to be fired out of Washington on his sweet potato colored ass but there's a YUGE amount of politicians in Washington who keep letting the dumb fuck get his way and just stay the course because the only thing that matters is their party and their pockets.
Wow this thread is all sorts of shit. Got the Anti Bernie on one side then you got the pro Hillary people on another. Really never thought this sub could get worse but it does. 
I notice a lot of hate and vitriol being thrown around in these comments between professed Sanders supporters and people who (I assume) supported Clinton. To those of you who are genuinely liberal, I have a suggestion. Kindly knock it off. Liberals insulting and blaming each other helps nobody except the orange clown currently sitting in the Oval Office.There are legitimate criticisms of Sanders. There are legitimate criticisms of Clinton and the DNC. We can (and should) discuss these civilly so as to learn where all facets of our half of the political spectrum can improve. As long as half of this country is populated by ignorant rubes, however, we ultimately need to come together against our common enemies of bigotry and anti-intellectualism. 
Sanders Is still alive?  I heard he got murdered by Ted Cruz.Maybe murdered can mean more than one thing.    
Unfortunately, Bernie doesn't either.
Bernie would have won.
Then why did you run against Hillary and help elect him?
If you read the German communist party demands written in part by Marx it aligns with Sanders' politics.
Because attacking Bernie is difficult to do. You can dislike his policies all you want, but the man is firmly principled and only wants what's best for the country. And the man has historically been on the right side of history. 
Bernie has called him racist, delusional and pathological liar among other things. Trump stays quiet...
He tried to appease them because they helped pave the way for his non-sense.Before fake news, his supporters were constantly attacking institutions like NPR and the NYT.Before he said the election was rigged, Berners were convinced that the primary was stolen.Before he dug into crooked Hillary, Bernie himself was calling her unqualified to be president.He also knows a good chunk of them are a gullible bunch who fell for a cult of personality.You want to know why he actually doesn't strike back against Bernie? Because he doesn't even think about him anymore.He doesn't respond when Bernie attacks, he doesn't respond when Bernie praises him and says how delighted he'd be to work with him.Go back to the campaign trail and listen to how Trump actually talked about Bernie. It almost sounds like he feels sorry for the guy.
Does he even see the stuff that Bernie says about him? If it's not on Fox News, CNN, Morning Joe, or Breitbart, it doesn't seem to make it to 45.
As much as I'd like to believe that, I think Trump just wants to aggravate the rift in the Democratic party, and continue courting the extreme tail-end of aggravated Sanders supporters.
Or he knew he could easily peel off Berners from Clinton if he gave Bernie lip service. 
or not afraid at all. he doesn't see attacking him as useful.
That's a joke, all Bernie does is talk he's yet to accomplish anything ever.
Probably has something to do with the same reason nobody attacked him in the primaries, and it's not because he's the second coming of Jesus like he's portrayed here on Reddit.
It's because the people they appeal to overlap.  Trump and Bernie have huge white working class appeal because they both lie about trade and push propaganda against it.  The white union workers that swung for Trump are friendly to Bernie, and Trump likely still thinks he can undermine the Democrats and be seen as bi-partisan by working with Bernie on his disastrous trade ideas.Trump is not afraid of Bernie. He wants to use him
Trump doesn't argue on policy. He knows he doesn't know jack shit about the constitution. Every single feud or dispute is just him throwing out ad hominem personal insults and projecting character flaws that he himself has. See just this week: Blumenthal and so-called judge.
whatever helps you sleep at night
That doesn't seem like Trump. What I am guessing is that Trump doesn't read any media, which is where you are likely to see this king of comments from Sanders. CNN, Fox etc aren't really running Sanders comments on the air. Which is why you don't see Trump reacting: he gets his news from cable.
He was afraid to debate him, we know that for sure.
Well part of that is Trump knew there was a lot of overlap in supporters and Trump wanted to win over Bernie supporters.And yeah part of it is that Trump is all about attacking people for their character and Bernie's weaknesses (in mine and others' opinions) is his ideas, not his character.
Because Bernie Sanders is motherfucking Obi-Wan Kenobi. If you strike him down, he becomes more powerful than could possibly be imagined.
It reminds me of Voldemort being afraid of Dumbledore. 
Bernie Sanders, by not caring what people think of him, projects strength. He's shown, time and again, that he's not afraid to stand up and fight. Donald Trump attacks the weak or people he perceives to be weak. He's a typical bully.
I've got to upvote the use of Biff.
I'd argue Donald Trump understands the constitution very well, maybe even by heart, and the thousands of lawsuits and his multimillion dollar businesses forces him to understand it extremely well so he knows where the loopholes lie. He knows the law incredibly well so he knows how to break the law and where.He just chooses not to follow the constitution.This is the truth.
CIA needs to do its fucking job. 
This sounds nice, but who writes the test? Who grades the test? How do we ensure a lack of bias? How do we ensure that those in power don't change the testing requirement to guarantee they will always be in power?Tests of any sort involved in the political process are problematic and imo are a really bad idea. It's like the literacy tests the South used to disenfranchise black people after the civil war.
Or at the very least a psych evaluation.
I'm still waiting for that drug test Trump volunteered for.
Try another submission title  Bernie sanders says X, has zero effect ultra-liberals celebrate
Nah he can read. 
People will never go back on Bernie because they're just as politically entrenched and stubborn as Trump supporters. He was a failed third party candidate and his supporters' refusal to compromise like entitled children cost American democracy at least a decade of progress. 
Yeah, just like Ralph Nader, deciding to run as a third party in the General and all.
>He already cost us one election You're delusional. Hillary Clinton cost us the election by being such a bad candidate that even Donald Trump was able to defeat her. You were such immense fools to support her over the Senator with the highest approval rating in the country.
Michelle Obama for President with Sanders as VP.
Umm, there's no way Sanders is running in 2020. Dude is like 100 years old. Additionally, Hillary cost herself the election. He certainly didn't help the situation, but it's not like he actually took votes away from Hill in the general like Stein and Johnson.
A traitor to the democrat party sounds like a mighty fine thing to me.  It's a party of hypocrisy, corruption, and pseudo-progressive bullshit.
Hillary hurt herself with her personality alone. She reeked of ingenuity, acted like a condescending robot , and failed to motivate the far left in an election year of anti-establishment politics.
Why do you say that a multiple term senator doesn't know about the Constitution?
Because we live in a supposed democracy and he's free to run. He did well too. 
If you listen to Adolph Hitler give any speech, he sounds 1000x smarter, yet his overall message aligns with Trump's.
Yes, Socialism and Communism are similar. Welcome to any high school history class. 
The list is actually included as part of the communist manifesto on marxism.org.  read it and tell me I'm wrong.
Which is why he would've won in a gargantuan landslide.
> Because attacking Bernie is difficult to do. Donald attacked McCain for being a POW, saying that he likes people who don't get captured.  Meanwhile, [Donald is a goddamn draft dodger.](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/article/2015/jul/21/was-trump-draft-dodger/)  A rich man-brat who's probably only seen a battlefield on TV has no business insulting a war hero, and yet there we have it.Donald has attacked a gold star family because they said essentially the same thing that Sanders is saying: that Donald knows jack shit about the Constitution.Donald attacked John Lewis, one of the most respected civil rights leaders in America, saying that Lews is all talk, no action.  Lewis endured beatings and arrests for what he believed in, whereas Donald reportedly can't be bothered to walk up a flight of stairs to talk to members of his staff.  Yet he still had the audacity to attack Lewis.There are multiple examples of people who normal, decent human beings would see as beyond reproach, but who were attacked by Donald anyway.  That's what makes Donald's apparent fear of Bernie Sanders that much more interesting.
Really? Loser Bernie who could not even defeat Hilary (who I won against in a landslide) should focus on jobs! All talk!There, I did it.
Any man that dumps radioactive waste on poor minorities and then tells them to buzz off when questioned as they aren't from Vermont isn't firmly principled. Also for all the crap Berners gave Clinton for being slow onngay marriage Bernie was the same until Vermont legalized it. 
And the democrats went for the person Trump wasn't afraid of. Fuck, what could have been.
Really? You think attacking a socialist atheist life-long politician with virtually no accomplishments is hard to do? Like the guy who praised Cuba, the USSR, the Sandinistas, etc? The guy who headed the VA Committee during it's biggest scandal?You people live in a bubble. Bernie hasn't been in a competitive race for ages so no one's really bothered attacking him. Don't kid yourself, he was absolutely treated with kid gloves during the primary given how easily it would be to turn the average voter on him.What you folks also don't understand is that political attacks don't have to be accurate.All it would take is someone to start reading his gang rape fantasy and that's that. No one is gonna bother with the follow up explanations of no see you don't understand, he was writing a rape fantasy essay because...
Trump realizes that there is a fair amount of overlap between people that respect Bernie and people that vote Trump, particularly in swing states that ultimately won him the election. He can't afford to anger those people that would've considered voting for Sanders over him (basically the Never-Hilary crowd) if he ever intends on on getting re-elected or being appeased for his so-called fight against the establishment.    The biggest threat to Donald Trump and the GOP is a competent and united DNC whose constituents rather than being distracted by conspiracy theories are focused on actual policy and competency issues. Say what you will about Trump's intelligence but someone is correctly advising him to keep the fringe left happy enough that they will once again be able to use them to defeat establishment democrats. Notice how Trump never makes derogatory comments about the extreme left like his fan base does, only the centrists and career Democrats are his target because he knows his road to re-election is to keep Democrats fighting each other about bullshit. 
> Go back to the campaign trail and listen to how Trump actually talked about Bernie. It almost sounds like he feels sorry for the guy.Nope, it's because Bernie was doing his own job for him by making the far left villanize Clinton almost as much as the Republicans did. He wouldn't start a war with Bernie because Bernie was energizing enough people into hating Clinton and establishment politicians that it would be a huge mistake to stop him in his tracks. It's not that he feels sorry for him, it's that he appreciates the inadvertent helping hand. And I say that as someone who voted Sanders in the primary.
Seriously the delusions spouting out from Berners is unreal.  Donald is afraid of Bernie?  Please, Bernie is the definition of a useful idiot who got the fringe left riled up after the primaries which led to the Bernie or Bust crowd to either vote third party or for Trump.  Trump secretly thanks Bernie for helping him win the election.
But that would mean he's courting a strategy and not simply saying the first thing that pops into hisnstream of consciousness like he's selling.
I suspect the number of Berners that voted for Trump isn't very high. 
Yeah, because giving him any attention exposes people to his ideas and gains him support. Same reason why Trump won, even though the media was trashing him, he had multiple outlets giving him press day and night.
TIL saying a stump speech over and over and doing nothing else is how you stand up and fight.
Think about it. 2016 had 'hoverboards',  the Cubs winning the world series, and Biff was elected president. BTTF2 was only off by a year.
The nature of the constitution is that it is open to interpretation. If candidates were required to offer their interpretation that would be a test enough. Then individuals can grade it by how much they align with said interpretation.
lmao you're a whack job fanatic that's pretending it's the other people who are stubborn fanatics. Hillary Clinton lost to Donald Trump. She was an extremely bad candidate and people like you are infinitely more responsible for Trump than Sanders supporters because you insisted on Clinton despite her being such a bad candidate that Donald fucking Trump defeated her. You chose Hillary Clinton, with her lifetime of dirt behind her, over Sanders, **the Senator with the highest approval rating in the country** and a person whose integrity was unimpeachable. The guilt lies with the moronic Clinton supporters who couldn't see the writing on the wall. 
Yep, Hillary is such a bad candidate that Bernie Sanders won the primary by almost 4 million votes.Wait. No. He lost by that many. I guess that makes him a worse candidate then.
Yeah fuck people with professionalism. How come they can't appeal to hip young contrarians like me?I'm sure the demagoguing compromise-allergic Bernie Sanders supporters and the overwhelming Russian-backed conservative media machine had absolutely nothing to do with Hillary's loss and the lack of mobilization on the left. Yep. It's definitely because Hillary was such a cold bitch. 
> she reeked of *ingenuity*This word doesn't mean what you think it means. The word you want is 'insincerity'.  
because of every policy sanders believes in.
Das Kapital is his constitution.  
He did a really good job convincing college sophomores that a protest vote against Hillary Clinton was preferable to compromising once in their privileged selfish lives and standing in the path of fascism. That's probably his biggest impact on the world. He convinced the young they didn't need to compromise. Looks like they were wrong. 
Yes because everyone who thinks different than you is Hitler.
Stop dude. It's pathetic. 
You seem to think that educated people live in this antiquated world where anything remotely related to socialism or communism is instantly regarded as evil. It isn't 1955 anymore. 
[There's a really good **but fair** write up at my fav anti-Bernie sub about why Bernie would've run into plenty of his own issues in the general especially against Trump](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enough_Sanders_Spam/comments/5os7nx/a_final_response_to_bernie_would_have_won/)
No, he wouldn't have. You seem to severely underestimate the number of far-right lunatics in this country.
This has gone from it's sad you people can't let this go yet to Jesus you guys really are just as delusional about your demagogue as Trump's supporters are about him?
Nah, all it would have taken is for Trump to say, Bernie was on unemployment until he was 33 and that would have been the end of that.
You did it, why hasn't he?
Not effective though. 
Super condescending first off, and secondly I've been around politics long enough so you're not saying anything I haven't heard before but that doesn't make him any less hard to attack. I'm all for difference in opinions but try to dial back the condescending stuff like I'm living in a bubble etc. 
So, I love Bernie and Clinton.  But I can easily see Sanders faults and admit them (Clinton's too, but that's unrelated); however, your comment is extremely unfair and aggressive and your comment about the gang rape fantasy is ridiculous.  It's obvious what he was intending it to mean, although it was badly done--which he admitted to it being shittily written then and now.  You presenting it as if he'd written some gangrape erotica is disingenuous and ignores context.  Don't be like the folks on the right, dude.  You've gone too far in the other direction with this criticism, to the point where it sounds like you just want to argue.  Is that all you want?  
>Notice how Trump never makes derogatory comments about the extreme left like his fan base doesBut the extreme left __hates__ Trump.http://www.alternet.org/files/screen_shot_2016-07-18_at_11.46.44_am.pnghttp://www.alternet.org/election-2016/myth-democratic-rift-despite-media-hot-air-data-show-sanders-supporters-will-embrace>According to polls from Washington Post-ABC News, in May, 20% of those who backed Bernie in the primary would support Trump in the general. __By June, that number had fallen to only 8%. For comparison, in June of 2008, 20% of those who supported Clinton in the primary said they preferred McCain over Obama in the general.__Only 8% of Sanders supporters liked Trump after everything that happened at the DNC convention (Debbie WS emails). Sanders supporters are also extremely less likely to be sexist or racist (first graph), and thus more likely to HATE Trump.
But Sanders supporters weren't showering Trump with compliments or criticizing Hillary supporters throughout the campaign. In fact, Sanders has been THE biggest detractor of Trump throughout the campaign.
Fringe left? As in, supporting Medicare-for-all and other policies that polls consistently find that the majority of Americans are in favour of, and are found in most other industrialized nations? I think that if anything, Bernie's incredibly strong performance as an unknown against someone who we all thought was a shoe-in for sure highlights how mainstream a lot of his views on major issues are. Plus, it was the blue collar working voters that tipped the scales in the fatal rust belt states, not the fringe left in the liberal states of California/New York/Oregon/Vermont (which all turned blue). I don't see the point in scapegoating the guy who has been protesting in the streets with the rest of us and fighting the Trump administration tooth and nail in the Senate and on social media, for Trump's surprise victory.
Fuck you. Lets hold a mock election and see who would win: Bernie or Donny? C'mon everyone, show of hands, bernie or donny? I vote bernie. 
Daily Reminder the Hillary campaign helped Donald with the Republican primary so she could run against a monster so horrible she could preach party unity and guarantee a nomination.
Even if they don't Trump still wins if he keeps them angry at Clinton. 
Did you just tune into American politics at some point in the past year? If so, I can understand your ignorance. For those of us who have followed politics a little longer, say a couple of decades or more, we've known Sanders to be someone who isn't afraid to speak out and back positions that aren't popular. He has consistently stood up for what he believes is right, agree with him or not, and he was often ahead of progressives on several issues that they take for granted as part of their platform today. I'm not sure what you consider standing up and fighting.
Don't forget self lacing shoes.
More professional than Trump? Sure, but I still remember her calling Bernie supporters basement dwellers and the constant Bernie Bro insults from her supporters even after she had already won. I just think it's idiotic to antagonize and belittle people from your own base and expect them to support your candidate even if the other guy is an incompetent moron.
Oh really, you're brilliantly misinformed
Keep blaming others but yourself and your flawed candidate. I voted for Sanders in the primary and Hillary in the election. Some of us manned up. Sanders was better. Also, nice Bernie voter strawman. 
Did you read the post he was replying too? 
Nope. Not everyone. Paul Ryan? Fucking hate the guy. Definitely not Hitler. John McCain? Fucking disagree to a degree I cannot even express in the English language, with his politics. Definitely not Hitler. George W. Bush? Invaded Iraq, led to 1 million unnecessary deaths...fucking hate the idiot, definitely not Hitler.Guys like Trump and Hitler are special cats. I respect that.
Of course an anti-Marxist Donald Trump supporter would think he has big dick problems. You people are delusional. 
The communist manifesto was actually written in 1848.  The ideas presented in it continue to live on today.  For the good of the people.  For the good of those who abide by the dictates of the authoritarian government.  Read some history people.  Learn what this philosophy means for us.  It's not good.  It may provide us with temporary security but it can never last and ends horribly.
Yep, Neonazis vs the socialist jew. I'm sure that would have been hard to win..
That sub is not good nor fair. That sub likes DWS? What a fucking joke. 
Only thing I'd agree with is the 3rd and maybe 2nd header, but we all know Hillary has way more dirt, not to mention there'd be way more things for Sanders to attack Trump on rather than vice versa
You simply underestimate how many people didn't vote because Sanders was not the nominee. 
You seem to severely underestimate the number of people who voted Trump/third party just because they didn't want Hillary in the White House.I'm not saying Sanders would've won (it's all speculation now, anyways), but what we could say for sure is that - ultimately - he wouldn't have done worse than Hillary (aka he could've either won, or lost like Hillary).What I do remember from the campaign is that a lot of moderate Republicans were Bernie supporters, and a lot of independent voters were also for Bernie. And a lot of those voters liked Bernie for Bernie (not because of the D next to his name at the time). When the election happened, I'm betting most people who voted for Hillary would've voted for Bernie, plus independents and Republicans who didn't want Trump but couldn't vote for Hillary.
Nah. It was always the second.
ImAHackDontLaugh has a pathological hatred for Sanders and all his supporters and literally cannot stop himself from shitposting about Sanders even in threads where he's not the topic. Don't bother with him.
Dude you literally said attacking Bernie is hard to do when it is absolutely not in politics. At the national level he would be torn apart in no time. He has so many dumb stupid quotes and characteristic that a lot of the largest voting blocs  would be turned off by.You could be a saint and a political smear campaign will easily take you down.Do you not remember John Kerry was actually attacked as a coward and liar for volunteering to serve in Vietnam?Like the truth doesn't matter and even without bending it, there's plenty of negative stuff on Bernie.
He's a hack, don't laugh
> You presenting it as if he'd written some gangrape erotica is disingenuous and ignores context.Since when do political attacks require context?  It would absolutely be brought up had he ran against Trump.  The right wing media would argue so what if Trump joked about grabbing women by the pussy, Bernie wrote about women enjoying gang rape, which sounds worse?  
It's not about voting for Trump or liking him. It's about Donald Trump ignoring them enough (because they were politically no threat to him) that they would fight with more centrist dems than fight against him. It's about not giving them any reason to unite with other Dems to stand against Trump. It's about sowing discord and doubt in the Democratic Party by having infighting instead of unity against a common enemy. It's about demoralizing the liberal vote by having them resent the DNC more than the GOP. All of these things happened, and it worked. Do you think it's all complete happenstance than Trump even brought up how he spoke with Bernie and agreed with him during the second presidential debate? No, he realized if he let the more extreme and more centrist parts of the party resent each other it would draw votes away from Hillary as well as keep people at home instead of the polls.  He won the 3-4 states he needed by a margin of less than 1% so trying to tell me this wasn't a factor in the election is asinine. Donald Trump isn't the type of man to ignore insults because they come from people he doesn't care about. He doesn't go after Bernie or independents and fringe candidates because they aren't currently a threat to him, and he knows he needs them to make the next Democratic candidate look bad and cover up his endless list of flaws.
> Fringe left? As in, supporting Medicare-for-all and other policies that polls consistently find that the majority of Americans are in favour ofNot really, Single Payer failed to get implemented in Bernie's homestate of Vermont because it would involve enormous tax increases and it was on the ballot in Colorado in the last election and it was overwhelmingly rejected by 80% of the voters mainly because it would involve a tax increase as well.  You can keep repeating the delusion that Medicare-for-all is popular by citing meaningless polls all you want but as soon as it reaches the ballot box it goes down in flames because when push comes to shove, raising taxes for a socialist government run healthcare system isn't as popular with the voters as the fringe left believes.
Poe's law up in full effect here.
So Hillary rigged the primaries of both parties now?  
I've been in politics way longer than the past year, and no, until last year I didn't hear of the irrelevant Vermont senator because he doesn't do anything other than reiterate a stump speech that grows tired after the second hearing.
You remember wrong. She never called Sanders supporters basement dwellers as an insult. Here is what she actually said:There is a sense of disappointment among young people about politics.Theyre children of the Great Recession, and they are living in their parents basement. They feel that they got their education, and the jobs that are available to them are not at all what they envision for themselves, and they dont see much of a futurethat is a mindset that is really affecting their politics. So if youre feeling that you are consigned to being a barista or some other job that doesnt pay a lot and doesnt have much of a ladder of opportunity attached to it, then the idea that maybe, just maybe you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing. I think we all should be really understanding of that and try to do the best we can not to be a wet blanket on idealism; you want people to be idealistic, you want them to set big goals.You criticized Hillary for being robotic earlier, but here she is expressing sympathy and understanding, and look how it got twisted into something completely different. Can you see how that sort of experience might cause someone to be a bit guarded when speaking?
Do you happen to remember the rest of the quote you're willfully taking out of context to support your argument? I know things like context don't matter much to the current administration, but we should be a bit better than that, no? 
The man who took his honeymoon in the the Soviet Union, and thinks the US has too many choices in deodorant.   
Different person, but I saw the word Hitler and now I'm voting for Trump /s
Awww, poor little beta male is jealous. Maybe one of those beasts from the woman's March will give you a pity lay. Stop stalking my profile, it's pathetic.
Which is strange because they say they'd be all over Bernie for visiting Russia, but Trump is essentially Putin's gimp and was fawning all over Putin during the campaign.
Yeaaaa calling the average Americans that supported Trump Neonazis worked so well in the general.
They absolutely refuse to acknowledge that the DNC is corrupt, that Clinton was an unbelievably bad candidate, that Sanders would have won easily (as the polls indicated) and that they were warned repeatedly that Trump would defeat Clinton. They're no different than the Trump fanatics that refuse to admit Trump is performing poorly. 
The DWS circlejerk is to bait people like you
Not to mention half of those bullet points are misleading and something Bernie no longer even supports, or are hitting him for something that are *good things*.EDIT: Downvote all you want, you know damn well it's true. That thing is far from unbiased.
They sure didn't vote for him in the primaries.
Well those people should've voted in the primaries then, shouldn't they?
>but what we could say for sure is that - ultimatelyNo, we cannot say that for sure. As you said in your last sentence, this is nothing more than your speculation.
The dude was hamstrung the entire primary by the DNC and did fine. It wasn't the entire reason, but it was a big part. I'm aware attacks don't have to be accurate but to say he'd definitely get ripped apart is disingenuous. 
He wrote about women fantasizing about gang rape, not enjoying being raped.  And that part was literally *one line* in the essay.
Woah, you are giving Trump credit for playing some kind of 4D chess, while going into some crazy conspiracy theories?By the way - if the DNC wants unity, they have been offered unity. Do they want unity tho? They just have to accept it.
There's fringe left again. Do you believe that it is a fringe position for Democrats to believe that a single payer system is an important and noble goal to work towards, that most people on the American left instead prefer the idea of a free market healthcare system like the one that exists today? By describing support for single-payer as a fringe position you are also implying that the above is true, which I would find hard to believe.If you look at the Conservative Party leadership race happening in Canada right now, you'll notice that not even the most conservative of the candidates are proposing the dismantling of the public system in exchange for major tax breaks on the wealthy and middle class. Is the whole of the mainstream political spectrum in Canada fringe left to you? Or is it simply that the U.S. is so far to the right of most industrialized nations on issues of healthcare, education, and social security that you feel that Americans who want to fight for these goals are hopeless dreamers just wasting their time?Re: Vermont, there'a definitely an economies of scale issue trying to implement a system like that in a state as small as Vermont. A state-level effort in a larger state would be a better litmus test for the American population. As for Colorado, I've heard plenty of people from there say they voted against it despite being fully in favour of single-payer because it was a half-baked plan that needed to be thought through more carefully before being implemented. I wouldn't consider it representative of Americans' attitudes towards Medicare-for-all for that reason.
...Yeah
Even Trump wouldn't call Sanders irrelevant, and neither would anyone in politics who is being honest about his career, even if you, who has had so *many* years of experience in politics, had no idea who he was until last year. I have to assume at this point that you just don't like him or his policy positions and are attempting to assert your feelings as fact. It's okay to say you don't like him or that you don't care for his style, but calling him irrelevant is just silly and tells me your attention to the politics of this country is minimal/limited.
OK, reading the full quote I concede your point. It's not as bad as I thought it was and i can agree with that statement though I still feel like she's painting Bernie supporters with a broad brush. There are also people who voted against her in the primary because of her Wall Street connections and the belief that she wouldn't be tough on Wall Street because of her wealth and donors. In regards to her sounding robotic, it's not so much her content but I feel her delivery and cadence which some would describe as nagging gave people a bad impression of her.
Shill
Russia isn't communist anymore, didn't you get the memo?
average Americans? Can you be more specific about what that means. 
He was endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan 
Just telling it like it is.
Those firewall states that Clinton lost were chomping at the bit to vote Bernie. Unions want nothing more than for the return of FDR Democrats.
I think it addresses that  > context can make quite a few of these seem less damning, but guess what? Attack ads dont give context. And for the bewildering number of actual lies that remained in our news cycles during the general election, I doubt reporters and surrogates would give all these issues their due diligence. I am not making this list to make you hate Bernie Sanders, but to show you how Republicans would attack him. If you are saying that the following points are being dishonest, welcome to the reality of a political campaign.
Sure... =) 
Yeah it's so weird that Sanders didn't win a primary in a party that was overtly biased towards his competitor and was actively slandering him and working against him. It's not like it's been proven that the media colluded with the DNC to ignore Sanders for months or anything. Oh wait.Hillary Clinton lost to DONALD TRUMP. That means she was the wrong candidate. No arguing that. 
He was not hamstrung. He had as much money as Clinton and at the beginning he was benefiting from outside money much more than Clinton - mostly because conservative were running attack ads on Hillary during the primary to the benefit of Bernie.We have the DNC emails and what do we see the worst thing they did to Bernie was? Someone said some mean things about him in May. That's nothing.On top of that, he was treated very, very, very easily. He wasn't attacked on any of his weaknesses and the socialism angle even became more of a novelty than  a weakness (since the media is trying to get attention, not prop up a candidate)If he went against someone like Trump for real, 'Breadline Bernie' would've been just torn apart.
Trump is a buffoon but he was being properly advised with regard to how to run the campaign. This isn't fucking complicated mind games. It's a strategy as old as time - let your enemies beat each other and capitalize on it. My fellow democrat voters like to poke fun of Trump and his supporters for being idiots but this is a simple enough concept for anyone to understand.    >if the DNC wants unity, they have been offered unity. Do they want unity tho? They just have to accept it.    Not sure what you're even addressing here. I said the greatest threat to Trump is a DNC that has their shit together and focuses on the important stuff. I didn't say somehow someone is to blame for their lack of unity or relatability with their constituents. I remind you that my point is Trump and the GOP have taken advantage of the failing of Democrats, I'm not saying they've caused it themselves.
I think Single Payer is a completely unrealistic goal that has no chance of happening in this country given the political reality of this country, you can argue about how it works in other countries all you want but the GOP already has a list of talking points to shut down those arguments as Ted Cruz did in his recent debate with Bernie Sanders, and whether they happen to be true or not doesn't really matter because a majority of the electorate who elected a Republican Congress and Republican President accept those talking points as facts and they don't give a crap about politics in Canada.  I personally think Single Payer is a great idea and so did Hillary Clinton in the 90's and Obama before he ran for President but they soon realized the political climate of the country and abandoned the idea for a reason, because they know a plan like that would never get passed in Congress even with a Democratic super majority and it's ludicrous to think it could happen right now under a GOP controlled Congress.
So she rigged both primaries but not the general?
So... what has he done then? Just having policy positions and opinions doesn't actually mean anything. Just existing doesn't mean anything. What has he actually done?Because the most I've seen from is [messing up with veterans](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/07/us/politics/faith-in-agency-clouded-bernie-sanderss-va-response.html?_r=0), [being a hypocrite](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/3/14/1500932/-Bernie-s-Iraq-War-Hypocrisy-where-did-Bernie-really-stand-on-overthrowing-Saddam), [introducing hilariously simplistic and naive bills](https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/tbtfleg?inline=file), [voting against the Amber Alert bill](http://www.ontheissues.org/HouseVote/Party_2003-127.htm), and [trying to name post offices](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/109/hr5245).
They think that the USSR is just the United States Secret Raccoons. 
People who weren't crazy racists but just didn't like the direction the country was going and wanted less immigration, more security, less taxes, less regulations, and maybe someone who wasn't a politician.
Doesn't mean he wanted it
Bernie lost Pennsylvania by 12 points in the primary. 
The states he lost...?
Yes...? Are you agreeing? I don't understand.
>that was overtly biased towards his competitor and was actively slandering him and working against himOh no! They wrote some mean emails about him and that cost him the 3 million votes he needed /s.
In the beginning no major news networks covered him at all. He started way behind in funding and name recognition - while Reddit was going all-in on Bernie, he didn't even get mainstream news coverage until his first primary win and even then it was minuscule compared to Trump's domination of all news cycles. Go back and watch early primary coverage of Hillary and you will see Bernie was rarely brought up.He also absolutely was attacked for his views on Cuba and socialism. They even played a video about it mid debate.With that being said he was in no way a sure fire win against Trump.
That's your opinion 
> It's a strategy as old as time - let your enemies beat each other and capitalize on it.Divide and conquer, Republicans did it with Nader in 2000 and they did it again again with Sanders.  Do people here realize that it's not just Trump who doesn't reply back to Sanders, it's basically the entire Republican party?  As long as Sanders divide liberals like he did during the primaries they see no need to attack him.
If everything he's saying and doing has been some strategy from his advisers, including not saying a single bad thing about Sanders, then he isn't telling it like it is. He isn't saying the first thing that comes into his stream of consciousness every time. He's playing 4D chess.
That's a pretty defeatist stance to take on the matter, but I understand where you're coming from. The GOP have indeed been very effective at convincing people that many policies in their best interest are outlandish and terrible. The point I was making about Canada and other countries, however, is that if the Overton window in most countries excludes an American-style healthcare system for being too extremely right-wing, it should be possible to shift the Overton window in America to the point where a socialized system isn't too extremely left-wing. It's not like there wasn't strong opposition from the Canadian and U.K. Conservative parties when both countries moved towards their current systems, even Churchill himself tried to dismantle the NHS until he had an independent review of its cost-effectiveness done which showed it was actually far cheaper.It won't happen under a GOP-controlled congress, and almost certainly won't happen under a Trump presidency, but political climates can change when different people start getting more involved and more vocal in politics. The Tea Party is a prime example of this, as repulsive and regressive as they are they've made a whole realm of discourse that would at one point be considered fringe right into the mainstream of American politics. I have absolute faith that a well-organized and politically active group of progressives, with the support and leadership of outspoken progressives like Senator Sanders and Senator Warren, could start shifting that window back in the other direction.
And Hillary Clinton was unelectable. Tough shit. Fall in line come 2020 or make the choice, for the second time, for your vote to essentially mean four years of Trump. 
>wanted less immigrationObama had record deportations.>more securityObama increased national security.>less taxesEverybody wants less taxes. People would rather not pay at all. Tough shit. Call it the price of being an American. For people living in the world's superpower we're mighty bitchy about paying our dues.>less regulationsIn what? The call for less regulations is often as dumb and generic like asking for less taxes. What regulations make life difficult for the average American? The FDA? The EPA? The FCC?>maybe someone who wasn't a politicianRight, and the best CEO will clearly be somebody with no business experience, knowledge, or talent. And our teachers can be uneducated folk for a change, who knows?
So not the majority of American voters?  I get people don't agree 100% with all of a candidates positions or thoughts, but when you cast that vote, there is no half vote, or additional comments. You vote 100% for one person for president. You may see the grey area where you don't agree with the nominee, but you're voting in a black and white setting. It's either all yes or all no.  Your vote supported all that candidate said they stood for, not just some.  
You don't get more security through less taxes. Never have and never will. Don't understand how people do that mindfake - how do you hire more people and build more things for much less money?
That's the problem really. This country is full of dumb hillbillies like rick perry saying he wants to abolish the department of energy, then when con don puts him in charge of it, **he learns what it actually does**If you think rattling off some list of things you don't like without even educating yourself on what they are **makes you** this nations problem.
It does if he initially refused to denounce it.
The fact that their views aligned enough for them to endorse him is the telling part, not that he did or did not want it. I don't understand how people still don't get that.
I think he's saying the DNC rigged the primaries. Exit polls and all that. 
The DNC gave debate questions to Clinton before her debate with Sanders and you're acting like everything was on the up and up.They colluded with the media for months to prevent coverage of him. The DNC had an unusually small amount of debates are very unusual times, which inarguably hurt Sanders because every time he had significant media exposure he would go up in the polls. This is undeniable at this point and you look totally dishonest and ignorant by trying to pretend the DNC didn't cheat Sanders. You're just as asinine as Trump fanatics, straight up. If you want to blame someone for Trump, blame yourself for supporting a candidate that was *so bad that they lost to Trump.* It was **extremely obvious** that Clinton was a very bad candidate. If you were honest you'd be able to admit that. During the primary, the polls indicated that Sanders would easily defeat Trump, but that Clinton could lose to Trump. You fucked up bad by backing such an awful candidate, and that's the reality of it.I called all of this during the primaries. You did this to yourself by being a stubborn fanatic that refused to recognize the extreme weakness of your chosen candidate. We warned you this would happen and you mocked us. Now we're warning you that this will happen again if you don't acknowledge what the DNC did and here you are, making critical, unintelligent mistakes once again. 
Did you miss the part where Hillary lost to a profoundly unpopular and easy to beat candidate? Trump wasn't a powerhouse, he won because he was essentially running against a steaming pile of garbage.
Yeah but Trump got news because he was newsworthy.A junior senator from Vermont polling at 5% is not newsworthy.He got his fair share of coverage and when he was competitive with Hillary, he got a very [comparable amount.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/08/graphic-whos-the-most-popular-candidate-mentioned-on-television/402451/)On top of that, he got the most positive news coverage out of everyone.The media Bernie blackout was def over-exaggerated here.
Him having plenty of cash is not an opinion.Outside groups indirectly helping him is not an opinion.Lack of any actual evidence of rigging is not an opinion.No one bringing up his many weak points like the VA scandal or the very questionable borderline anti-American things he's said (on his senate.gov page he says the American dream is more alive in Venezuela than the US) is not an opinion.Whether or not Trump would've called him 'Breadline Bernie' is though. Trump did have [a pretty good joke](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/30/politics/donald-trump-bernie-sanders-hernia-taxes/) (maybe one of his best) about Bernie during the primary that should be some insight into how he would've handled him.
As a canadian you guys certainly seem like fucking idiots when taxes come up. 
> Everybody wants less taxesI would like to raise my hand as someone who would like to be taxed *more*.  I live in the single most conservative Canadian province, where low taxation is often touted as a signal advantage of living here.  Having lived in provinces with a more average tax rate, I wish that people were less tax-averse here - because this whole low-tax thing is inconvenient and EXPENSIVE. eg; when I first moved here, I wondered why the Ford F-150 or equivalent seems to be the default vehicle.  People said it was necessary for our winters, but that didn't make any sense to me, since I've lived in provinces with twice as much snowfall and got by just fine with a compact car and all-season tires. Turns out, it's not the *weather*, it's that there's no budget for adequate snow removal, so people feel like they need to have a $40,000 vehicle three months out of the year.  I'd rather be taxed more and receive essential services in return, but I guess I'm a filthy socialist.
Obama made the bush tax cuts permanent. 
You're pretty dense. All he's saying is that to the average American they were sold on those ideals yet here you are trying to debate the poster for opinions he probably doesn't hold. A lot of smart people know conservative stances are bullshit but when they market themselves in a way that's appealing to middle America and democrats fail to remind people that they're actually the party that's actually doing the things that benefit them to half of the country perception becomes reality 
You don't need a majority of voters with our system.Hillary lost the election by 70k votes split over 3 states while having 3 million more in the entire country.
... you serious?Like you know our government can run deficits right?
Reality must be tough for you
So all of the communist groups that aligned with Hillary and/or Sanders mean they're evil communists?GTFO
Thanks.  I just couldn't bring myself to explain to one more person. If someone isn't aware by now they are actively ignoring problems the Democrats are experiencing. 
> The DNC gave debate questions to Clinton before her debate with Sanders and you're acting like everything was on the up and up.You mean the question about the Flint Water crisis at the debate at Flint?  Who wouldn't have guessed that a question like that would come up during the debate?  That totally won Hillary the primaries by 3.7 million votes.>They colluded with the media for months to prevent coverage of him. The DNC had an unusually small amount of debates are very unusual timesFirst you say the debates were rigged because all the questions were given to Hillary now you say there were barely any debates at all, which is it?  Has is come across that maybe Bernie kind of sucks at debating?  I saw the recent debate he had with Ted Cruz and I didn't think he did that well compared to Ted, he had some good points sure, but he went back to the same stump speech about millionaires and billionaires that people got tired of hearing about in the primaries.>During the primary, the polls indicated that Sanders would easily defeat Trump, but that Clinton could lose to Trump. You fucked up bad by backing such an awful candidate, and that's the reality of it.But he had so little media coverage that no one heard of him, maybe that's why he did well in the polls, heck my mom would have probably  beaten Trump if you polled people, mostly because nobody knows much about her and she would seem like a nice person compared to Trump and that was probably the case with Bernie.  Here's what would have happened had Bernie ran in the general and actually did get media exposure from the GOP attack machine:>So what would have happened when Sanders hit a real opponent, someone who did not care about alienating the young college voters in his base? I have seen the opposition book assembled by Republicans for Sanders, and it was brutal. The Republicans would have torn him apart. And while Sanders supporters might delude themselves into believing that they could have defended him against all of this, there is a name for politicians who play defense all the time: losers.>Here are a few tastes of what was in store for Sanders, straight out of the Republican playbook: He thinks rape is A-OK. In 1972, when he was 31, Sanders wrote a fictitious essay in which he described a woman enjoying being raped by three men. Yes, there is an explanation for ita long, complicated one, just like the one that would make clear why the Clinton emails story was nonsense. And we all know how well that worked out.>Then theres the fact that Sanders was on unemployment until his mid-30s, and that he stole electricity from a neighbor after failing to pay his bills, and that he co-sponsored a bill to ship Vermonts nuclear waste to a poor Hispanic community in Texas, where it could be dumped. You can just see the words environmental racist on Republican billboards. And if you cant, I already did. They were in the Republican opposition research book as a proposal on how to frame the nuclear waste issue.>Also on the list: Sanders violated campaign finance laws, criticized Clinton for supporting the 1994 crime bill that he voted for, and he voted against the Amber Alert system. His pitch for universal health care would have been used against him too, since it was tried in his home state of Vermont and collapsed due to excessive costs. Worst of all, the Republicans also had video of Sanders at a 1985 rally thrown by the leftist Sandinista government in Nicaragua where half a million people chanted, Here, there, everywhere/the Yankee will die, while President Daniel Ortega condemned state terrorism by America. Sanders said, on camera, supporting the Sandinistas was patriotic.The Republicans had at least four other damning Sanders videos (I dont know what they showed), and the opposition research folder was almost 2-feet thick. (The section calling him a communist with connections to Castro alone would have cost him Florida.) In other words, the belief that Sanders would have walked into the White House based on polls taken before anyone really attacked him is a delusion built on a scaffolding of political ignorance.
The other guy responded to this nonsense pretty well, so I'm not gonna bother. I will say this, however. Bernie lost by 3 million votes. Even if you pretend that all of the crap you accuse the DNC/Hillary/whichever boogeyman you choose to blame for Bernie's loss is true, she STILL would have won. 3 million votes in a primary is a very large amount. He would NOT have been able to make that up. Oh, and just so you know, I supported Bernie before Hillary. It's just that unlike you, I'm not a sore loser.
So the solution to this was to put up someone who lost to a steaming pile of garbage by 3 million votes? Listen, I like Bernie too, but quit acting like he's some god who's perfect and only lost because of foul play.
Nobody cares about your little grudge.
California should threaten to defund the US government.
This is going to turn into a 10th amendment supreme court case. You can't remove funding over something not involved with what you're funding. 
Bring it bitch.
That sounds like an incredibly bad idea.Having the President favor one state over another would encourage competition between states and could lead to another civil war.
This guy seems to be awfully bad at deals, especially for someone who describes them as art
LOL - DT thinks California is one of his trophy wives he can threaten to cut off financially just for daring to exercise some independence.
Barky dog trump is about to get schooled again in how Govt. works.
But, but California funds South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee... and Donnie's missing taxes. Without all those taxes California sends to Red States, California would be even Richer. 
Does he want a civil war? Because that's how you get a civil war. Dummy Donnie 
California is the sixth-largest economy *in the world* all by itself.This is like some guy who installed solar panels on his roof threatening to stop sending excess power back to the grid.
I'm kind of surprised Congressional Republicans like Darrel Issa and Kevin McCarthy are allowing this attack on California to go unchallenged. 
He has that backwards.  California funds the U.S. not the other way around.
He can't do that.
We should stop paying federal taxes.  If we get prosecuted we can just use his own record and statements as our defense.  It makes us smart.  and would defund Drumpf.  
Serious question: has any other President in the last 50 years used language like this against a state? 
Californio here. Living everyday with the reality that between now and 2020, we're going to have been hit by a catastrophic earthquake. I'd rather have zero federal support than Trump's version of FEMA coming to help. 
Defund us how you fascist loofa faced shit gibbon?
Trump does not fund anything Congress does..   
I welcome your idiotic and unconstitutional attempt to do so. Watching you fail publicly in a case that would go 9-0 even with your new Justice, would be just desserts.That's the thing about narcissists and ego-maniacs, especially angry ones. They have to fight every fight, even the ones they can't win. Each and every idiotic attempt to break the law and the US Constitution, only to get slapped down, makes him even more unpopular. Makes him weaker. Makes him look stupider.Heck, I'm saving up popcorn waiting for him to get desperate enough to go after Clinton. I expect he'll revert to lock her up sooner or later, out of a desperate attempt to change the news.(Between her battalion of lawyers and the facts at hand, the epic smackdown whatever idiot brought charges would face would be...fascinating to watch).
Stop law enforcement for all Trump properties in California.
hahahahahahahahahahahshahahahahahaha, no wonder this man can't keep a business afloat.  This guy, keep it up Donald, your giving an entire generation in the U.S. on why it's so important to be active in politics and voting for all levels of government.
Sometimes Freedom isn't free. California isn't afraid of a dumb bully like Trump. 
I'm sure the US will love it when California stops sending imports, food and it's gigantic economic output to the rest of the country...At some point, we have to agree Trump is intentionally trying to destroy the country and the Western world: undermining NATO, internal political stability, our most sacred political institutions, being cowed by Russia....
The equivalent of threatening to punch himself in the nuts so hard that the guy at the other end of the room falls down.
Do you want Calexit to happen? Because this is how Calexit happens
Whatever the fuck that means.
Because he's a dumb man, and doesn't understand how math works.
Pretty sure the Constitution specifically addresses this. 
I live in California and nothing would make me happier than cutting loose from the rest of the u.s. The rest of the states are holding us back from moving forward. 
Maybe somebody in the White House could tell President Fatass how the budget works? 
Correct me if I'm wrong in this assumption, but I've read a few times on here the guy who started the caliexit hashtags and grumbles was said to be living in Russia. The Russia agenda pertaining to all of our current woes as of late is said to be apart of a huge agenda that sees the western world destabilizing within it's own boarders. California is a HUGE asset to America. Rocking them to seceded would be a huge blow to America, hell even getting them to go head to head with the rest of America would cause very dramatic repercussions. Trump has been on a streak in destabilizing the country, pushing away allies, snubbing out sound minds and now challenging our biggest asset. Now thinking in terms that trump is compromised and is Putin's monkey and is being aimed at things that will erode our country for years to come; aren't we playing with fire and right into Russia's hands. How can we even fight back against something like this? 
Yes, this is the way to be a uniter, not a divider.
Do it then. Lets see if this yapping little shit has any teeth. 
Wait, I'm sorry if this is dumb, but how do you just defund a state? And secondly, can Trump really just do it?
Will that be before or after he sends troops into Chicago? 
Good luck defunding the state that has multitudes of 25 year old programmers that make $200k each lol.
What an idiot. He should be worried about California defunding the US.
Empty threats.
Im torn between wanting to say Bring it. Lets see the consequences and not wanting to bring my passport with my whenever I visit family back east.
El oh el good luck with that 
If we actually did become a separate country, I wonder how shitty America's trade deficit would be with us. With the exception of water and perhaps natural gas, they have nothing we want.
Good, I  hope he does! It might speed up their cessession from the union.
Can't withhold funding, but can focus his increased drug enforcement here...
Isn't California self sufficient? Wouldn't this... not do anything? Correct me if I'm wrong. 
Good. They'll defund the federal government and push them towards secession. That way I can go back and live in a progressive country.
Haha he thinks he can intimidate California. What a joke.
Calexit Now !
No one tell him that's up to Congress.
Plz calexit
Just keep the ICE raids going, unfettered, deporting those with criminal records and those without, and CA will give in.
I think Californians underestimate how much this would impact them and how quickly the state would probably acquiesce. California also doesn't really have any avenues to resist. Inevitably, it has to abide by federal law, just like in any other circumstance.
Good. Either California gets on the same page with the rest of America, or it gets defunded.P.S. All those saying California seceding will only hurt America, good luck protecting yourself from foreign nations. California will see just how expensive it is to defend a nation.Rotten Marxist state.
I doubt Trump even knows what a Donor State is.
California should secede.
Fascist Loofa Faced Shit-Gibbon bullshits his way through another day. News at 11.
Don't you find it stunning that along with an almost total ignorance of the numbers there is a complete willingness to be blind to the fact that this is THE one state you do NOT want to declare war on?
I agree.. if they want to take our funding away then we will just take their funding away.. if he wants to start an economic war with us.. bring it on..we will win.. imagine if we kept the federal tax dollars that we sent out? it would make this state even better.. they want to try to starve this beast? Trumps govt will be the ones more starving than African children
Uh... Federalism kinda prevents that.
Where's Arnold when we need him? 
That would be breaking the law. The federal government has the right to withhold funding due to noncompliance with federal law. Biggest example is the drinking age. Any age lower than 21 the federal government withholds highway funding. This is the case in LA where new orleans has an 18 drinking age. The state however does cannot withold money from the federal government. Pretty sure that falls under sedition and the federal government can come in and disband the government in the state.
Yup. Not to mention California is the ~~6th~~ 5th largest economy in the world and single biggest agricultural producer in the United States with 1/8 of all Americans living within.The federal government NEEDS California income to fund red state handouts for the unproductive parts of America that voted for Trump.
Not even. The Court has made it pretty damn clear how this works, and they don't take cases when they have already been very clear on a subject. It'll get struck down by an intermediate court and then every court above that will just deny cert because its a waste of their time. Its absolutely embarrassing that the President doesn't get how the spending clause works.
It's not going to turn into anything because this is one of his tantrums. 
I'm honestly looking forward to the Trump chapter in every constitutional law textbook. He's really putting a lot of pressure on the question of what laws may be constitutionally applied to the president and certain members of his cabinet. Combine that with further answering the question of whether court deference goes even to laws that are arguably rational, but which were plainly passed for irrational reasons (which is its own overly complicated section of any good constitutional law textbook).
Washingtonian here.  His bark is worse than his bite.  Folds like a cheap suit.
California girl here. I agree. Bring it on. 
Lol
With how divided we are I wouldn't put a civil war past us
What if he said something like this:> Referring to his victory in November, Trump said that many states did get it right by voting for him and those states would have better jobs, security and veterans services.> And we focused very hard in those states, and they really reciprocated, Trump said. And those states are going to have a lot of jobs, and theyre going to have a lot of security. Theyre going to have a lot of good news for their veterans.Oops, already happened.  [Source.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2017/live-updates/trump-white-house/confirmation-hearings-trump-speaks-and-vote-a-rama-analysis-and-updates/trump-suggests-states-that-voted-for-him-will-get-special-attention/?utm_term=.dbe4acf6c02a)
Why do you speak of this as a hypothetical? Trump already toured states he won after the election and told them they would be rewarded (not an exact quote, I forget what words he used).Heck, back in 2000 Cheney favored his pals in Texas in their efforts to extort money from California through electricity manipulation.And it's not restricted to the Republicans either.
A civil war against the government would end quickly with drone strikes.
It's post modern art though, so it's really shitty and ironic.
He didn't write that book. He probably didn't even read it.
It's the kind of art where you swallow paint and them vomit on the canvas.
Really? 
Actually they take in something like 450 vs giving about 350. I might have it backwards because I recall it being an almost even swap or maybe a bit in the red for cali.
This is how Russia destroys the United States. By dividing it up so they can pick off the split herd off one by one
Please.  Be civil, won't you?edit:  \**woosh*\*
And economist have said it will probably get the #5 spot once Brexit is finalized.  
He told them to sit in the corner for time-out and aren't allowed to get up until he says so.
They know Trump has no power to do that, so why even bother? 
Congressional Republicans have no balls.
McCarthy walks in lockstep with the party. He is just your ordinary political climber that has risen far above his station and makes many in Bakersfield proud by doing so. Sadly, if Kern County lost federal funding things would get ugly; schools would suffer even more than they do now, social services would diminish for the ag workers and oil workers.I'd love to see better leadership in the Central Valley. I think that a moderate democrat could do a lot of good for the area, but it'll take a miracle for a dem to ever get elected. It is strange to even have local democrat judges or lawyers. 
I don't see Issa surviving his election in 2018. He had his closest election ever in November, and the candidate who ran against him is running again. His days are numbered.
Alternative book keeping. 
It's important to keep in mind that Trump is a fucking moron.
He doesn't know that. Someone needs to sit him [down in front of some youtube videos.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT6koTFHnH0)
Donald Trump's presidency in a nutshell
Remember to put yourself into a billion dollars of debt first.
Honestly I think the last president who did stuff like this was Andrew Johnson. But he just took joy at stomping down the rubble in what was left of the south. This is closer to General Lee shaking his fist vaguely north. 
I've been anticipating the Big One for the last 10 years. Just want it to be over with already.
Not only Californians, but especially Californians know that it's a thin line between politics and real estate development. Now this developer of the worst variety calls himself president and comes into our state to deport actual taxpayers under the phony righteousness of the tired claim of the rule of law. Oh that he soon gets a taste of the rule of law.Edit: sorry. meant to edit, not comment.
Just remember to vote in 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020! There's elections every year and every level and branch of government counts, especially now! 
And even then, Congress doesn't fund California. 
why not just confiscate them and make them shelters for battered wives or sexy gay teens or something?
And Milo.
Then the federal government says the millitary doesn't intervene on any foreign invader attacks on California
> At some point, we have to agree Trump is intentionally trying to destroy the country and the Western world: undermining NATO, internal political stability, our most sacred political institutions, being cowed by Russia....Many of us realized it last year.
Eh...be careful with that.Thats a Russian funded propaganda movement.http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/01/why-russia-loves-the-idea-of-california-seceding-214632 www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-calexit-organizers-say-they-ve-opened-1482187671-htmlstory.html
Trump can't defund California and California can't leave the Union. 
Yea like the guy below said this is led by Russian alt rights. Putin literally wins if this happens.
Let's be real. The California guard would lose against the US military in about 3 days. We don't want another civil war. 
Information is all we have. 
It's not a dumb question. You can't just defund a state. It's just political hot air, trying to make it look good to his supporters.
Yea but the caliexit movement is led by an altright guy who actually lives in Russia. This happens, Putin wins.
Which is why caliexit is led by an altright guy who lives in Russia. This is what Putins goal is.
calexit is a pipe dream and impractical. 
Caliexit is led by a Russian alt right guy. This happens and Russia wins. Correction Putin wins.
I don't think you understand how this works. 1. Trump can't just decide what funds to withhold. Congress sets the budget. They would have to make grants dependent on cooperating with immigration laws.2. The current laws has to do with sharing info. California just doesn't collect it. So there's nothing to share.3. Collecting the info and enforcing immigration law is the job of the federal government. States may capture that info incidentally and can choose to cooperate with ICE requests. But the only way ICE can compel the state to act is with a federal warrant for the person's arrest.So considering all that.A. California is breaking no laws. If asked to hold someone and presented with a warrant, they cooperate.B. Any funding cut will be fought tooth and nail in congress so it'll take months to move forward while the legal case spurred by this will find its footing.C. The funding has to be unambiguously tied to the enforcement of immigration law, so there's only a small amount of funds at risk. Particularly since the EO carves out am exception for public safety fundamentally protecting law enforcement dollars which would be at the most risk.D. Even if they found a way to make other funding contingent on immigration law, recent supreme court precedent restricts Congress's ability to commandeer state resources with the threat of restricting funds. So they could only, again, restrict a small amount.E. We have a whole legal team here including a former Attorney General to fight just this kind of thing.F. We've been running a surplus for years and have a rainy day fund set up that will get us through most of this.G. Gorsuch would, ironically, most likely rule against Trump in this case if it got to him. But it will never make it to the supreme court.All in all, the TL;DR I'm Californian and I'm not worried.     
I mean, we control the television industry, the movie industry, most internet services (including all those dirty websites you visit), the core parts of the tech industry, food for 1/3rd of America (and 100% of certain foods), 12% of the population and nearly all shipping to and from Asia and the South Pacific. You seriously don't want to escalate this to an actual fight.
I think it would be really telling if their federal tax dollars weren't available to pay their lavish government entitlement programs and pensions.We all know a California bail out will eventually occur, that is unless they leave the Union
>Good. Either California gets on the same page with the rest of America, , or it gets defunded.I am some what amused when people dismiss California.  It has the 6 largest GDP *in the world*, it has 12% of the population in the US, it provides more money to the federal gov't then it takes, and it  produces greater than 1/3 of the nation's vegetables, 2/3 of the country fruit and nuts (the eating kind), 2nd in the nation for meat production, first in the country for manufacturing jobs.>good luck protecting yourself from foreign nations. Since California leads the nation in Aerospace and Aviation industry, has their own shipyards, and has the most military personal of any state, I think they would be fine.  Lol, if CA did secede, I doubt it would go alone.  Oregon & Washington would join them with Canada, quite politely, asking them if they would consider being part of their country.   >Rotten Marxist state.You might think that, but California represents 1 person in 8 in this nation.  Instead of tossing the baby out with the bath water, you might want to see if there is room to compromise.  
On the same page meaning what exactly?
Oh no, he knows donors, being a chronic debtor.
No. We need their Electoral College votes if we are going to take this country back.
Yea, because it'll be that easy.California is a cash cow for the United States as a whole. They are a net tax exporter (we get less back than we pay out in federal taxes), are the effective breadbasket of the country, and have the 6th largest economy in the world, so we definitely help drive the US economy. There is no way the US would let us go peacefully. And in a war against the United States military, California would be 100% fucked. Even if CA did go peacefully, lets not forget the US still has all the nukes, and has just lost one of its more moderating factors. I'm fairly certain all we'd be doing is moving the Doomsday Clock to 11:59:59 if CA left the union.
Eh...be careful with that.Thats a Russian funded propaganda movement.http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/01/why-russia-loves-the-idea-of-california-seceding-214632 www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-calexit-organizers-say-they-ve-opened-1482187671-htmlstory.html
Something something Russian plot.If California leaves the union, then I'm leaving for California.
Yay! Civil War! Americans killing one another! Yay! 
A simpler and better solution would simply to have California drag the rest of the country in their direction... which reminds me of this Bill Maher episode:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fwBgKBVXe1UCalifornia is building the kind of modern liberal nation that the rest of the country can only dream about. And not only are right wingers helpless to stop us, we're going to drag you with us. BECAUSE WE'RE YUUUUGE!Filmed 4 years ago, but still quite relevant today...
One state needs to, that will convince a cascade of others of the viability of such. 
If California seceded, Trump would declare civil war.The question is, could we win it?
Serious question: What military does CA have to protect itself if say North Korea, Russia, or the USA East invaded? 
This would harm US more than it would them...
Reminder that calexit is funded heavily by Russian interests
> Loofa Faced Shit-Gibbon That line's never gonna get old.
You just can't win a trade war against us.
If Donald Trump is shitting on the Constitution, and openly declares economic war on Californians, then Californians should tell the Fed to go fuck itself until Trump is thrown out like a piss-stained pair of panties.Illegitimate president = Illegitimate executive branch.  
Fuck federalism if he is going to take our money and give nothing back. Dude can go fuck himself with Ivanka's big black... microphone.
>That would be breaking the law.If this administration has shown anything so far, it's that they couldn't  give two shits about the law.
If California raises its banners and declares itself independent, the law is irrelevant.
Trump breaks the law constantly.
Yea, fuck the law. Did we ask permission to leave England?
But the federal government can only defund a state in certain areas. Wisconsin lost federal funding for highways because of the direct correlation between a lower drinking age and an increased rate of drinking and driving. Trump will have to be specific in what he defunds and be ready to argue it in court.
NOLA has been 21 since 1986.
>  This is the case in LA where new orleans has an 18 drinking ageThe drinking age hasnt been 18 here for like 20 years.
It likely doesn't have the right to withhold all funding, as such may constitute a violation of California's right to equal sovereignty. I think restricted funding would have to be limited to areas of statutory non-compliance, as in your highway funding example. 
There is no more law.  Californians need to do what's best for themselves.  Especially if red states would rather be run by a doomsday cult anyway.
They only withhold 5% of the highway funds, it's unconstitutional to withhold much more than that as per SCOTUS.
New Orleans is 21 drinking age
If Cali retaliates by withholding federal tax revenue, New York, and Massachusetts should follow suit.  We must all hang together or we will all hang separately. -Ben Franklin
no no no they don't matter that's why trump  *really* won the popular vote. 
Yes. Also, with Brexit, California now fifth largest economy in the world.
California is a welfare queen full of Hollywood elites and nothing else /s 
Or.... Or or or, red states could fix their tax structures so they don't have to rely on government aid. 
Stop spamming that totally incorrect meme. Yes, California pays in more for federal *grants*, but that does not nearly cover the price tag for everything else the federal government provides. That figure is only for direct grants.California secedes. Now it needs its own federal government and everything a federal government usually runs. California will need its own military. It will have to BUY water and electricity at much higher prices from the US. Every service the Federal govt provides would have to be replaced and paid for. You can't just use the existing state govt, it'd have to be expanded heavily. Huge portions of US trade would flow through Oregon and Washington instead of California, less revenue for CA and CA companies. Say goodbye to all the money the US military brings to San Diego. And all the defense contracts too, adios! Texas would continue to drain more silicon valley types especially now since moving to CA would be a different country.  The US does not NEED California. California would have a SHITLOAD more expenses if it seceded and it would quickly be bad news for them. A country that can't even provide all its own water and power? Guess what, CA agriculture would wither due to having to buy water from the US. And the US can easily replace crops...Anyone spamming the CA PAYS FOR MORE GRANTS THAN IT GETS has no idea what a federal government actually does or how much CA benefits from cheap water and power and the US military among all sorts of other federal services.And the productive people in liberal states tend to be the Republicans in the state too. Most GDP from NY for example is from rich financial services types who are overwhelmingly Republican. You're a fool if you think all the Trump states are unproductive. Yeah, Florida, Ohio, Texas, provide nothing, right? And those heartland states would provide all the food California provided previously with ease.
>  Its absolutely embarrassing that the President doesn't get how the ~~spending clause~~ ***government*** works.
well cali can teach him what happens to adults when they throw tantrums
>Like a Trump brand suitFtfy
Remember how the Trump cultists were bragging about how Trump trampled on the one China policy because he was strong and wouldn't let China bully him?  Lol well now the Trump admin kowtows to Beijing and formally announced they'd respect the one China policy. Which means he embarassed himself and caused a diplomatic problem and got no gain out of it, completely wimping out and failing to negotiate anything beneficial for America in the process. 
I hear you. Being born and raised it's kind of like my kid threatening to run away from home when I'm the one that pays the allowance.
I've wondered lately if a division of the U.S. into 2 countries might not be preferable.It seems that the principles and ideals I thought were generally shared among Americans including Trump supporters was a delusion.
Civil war wouldn't happen, because ideas in opposition right now aren't geographically separated. At worst, we'd see gang-style violence and rioting. Not to mention it would all die down in a couple of weeks, as nobody can actually feed themselves without grocery stores and running water.Source: you can see my childhood home from copter footage of the LA Riots.
That's why EVERY American should get a private firearm and lessons as soon as possible. It doesn't matter which way you lean politically.
> Referring to his victory in November, Trump said that many states did get it right by voting for him and those states would have better jobs, security and veterans services.Sure. Mississippi and Arkansas are going to have better jobs than California and New York. 
And your 7 year old could do it. 
He probably can't even read
Pretty much.I'm convinced red states hate social benefits because of a deep seated guilt to so many of them being on the dole.
Yeah, California gets around 300 million and sends the government around 400 million.
Nope, Cali is one of the least dependent on Federal money states: https://wallethub.com/edu/states-most-least-dependent-on-the-federal-government/2700/
I suspect that the 'calexit' is just another wave of propaganda by the Russians. Do you suspect they just stopped after our elections?
Is the UK's economy predicted to dip after Brexit?
Exactly, why alienate your base by going after Trump's gibberish. 
It's gonna be yugggge. I really hope we secede with the PNW, even if it is used as a temporary bargaining  chip to show the rest of the country just how absolutely fucked they are without us. We've been getting used and abused for far too long. Everybody gives California shit for being California but gives us no credit when we're basically the country's piggy bank. Not to mention the tech and agricultural sectors that we essentially have a monopoly over. 
i just realized my intelligence briefings are better than trump.  we both watch tv news, but i dont look at brietbart.  i'm better equipped to order a navy seal raid than POTUS.  fucking hell.
I hear you. According to JPL and USGS we don't have to wait too much longer. I'll just repeat what you've heard a million times already - be prepared to shut off your gas and have some food and water on the ready...and now, I guess, hope your neighborhood doesn't get slated for a new Trump golf course.
Because they can thinly veil this threat as a budget issue. Ex:California will suffer financial distress and may not be able to provide adequate government services, such as security for high value real estate.
That isn't the fight to be concerned over. Nobody bets on California in that scenario. A domestic insurgency across the lower 48 is another matter entirely. 
I think people are underestimating California's unconventional resources here. Sure, the California Guard might not be worth sneezing at, but you've got the greatest technology minds in the world, already efficiently organized, already with capital -- easily militarized. Plus, private armies aren't out of the question. Morality aside, it's.. an option. 
No one would order the military to attack California. If they did, they would largely disobey. You'd be asking soldiers to kill their facebook friends; no one signed up for that shit. 
Just drone strikes would decimate any state
The information at hand is saying this is a catch-22, worst case scenario a Pyrrhic victory. All our lives the fire alarm would sound and 99% of the time it was just a drill, nothing to worry about, just practice. Today, the fire alarm is sounding, we think it's just a drill, we're busy so we're not bothered by it, then we smell smoke so we perk up and only see the paranoid moving to the exits, how much more information do we need to start fighting this fire instead of blocking exits and waiting for the heat to confirm what we suspected all along. Not directing this at you personally, mostly lamenting at those that have the power to start hosing these issues vs taking their time and questioning why it's Smokey in here.  
Oh I think Calexit is a very very bad idea, especially considering Id rather the blue states stuck around for future votes, but I feel like I might support our state government economically battling Trump.
Why should California care if Putin wins or not? We're hardly the people who want to play world police like 'Merica does.
I don't want it too happen but I feel like many Californians do they don't realize how bad that would be and the rest of the country doesn't realize how bad it would be. So in conclusion not gonna happen but Cali needs to realize federal dollars are its life blood.
Obviously Trump can't do this unilaterally. I presume he means he'll get Congress to do it, but that seems unlikely since even GOP California House members wouldn't agree to that.But facts don't seem to stop Trump from thinking or saying what he wants.
And California has no right to shut any of that down or revoke national access to those services if somehow a defunding occurred. 
California is not going to stop paying federal taxes. Instead they'll end up paying and just getting nothing back.States are not allowed to leave the Union.
I don't think California, Oregon and Washington would want to join Canada. Between our single payer health care and our gun restrictions, I think it would be unpalatable.
No fuck that, all blue states need to secede. Red states are cancer.
If California had no EC votes, it would never have changed the winner of the EC.You need California for its two Senators and its Democrat leaning federal house representation though.
Why don't you occupy the red states and turn them blue, or else secede from them? The republicans have shown their true nature, and anyone of sense must realize that nothing good can come from having then around.
No Democratic presidential candidate has needed California to win the Electoral College since Wilson in 1920.
I'm not sure nuking CA is an option if they secede. Call me crazy, but the negatives are too high. 
We never know. Anytime California is brought up I hear a lot of people saying shit about liberals or the state budget. They might be happy to see us go. 
Can confirm, Russian comrade here.In all honesty, that's pretty fucked. I'll lay off the secession rhetoric for the time being.
Wow, I had no idea.... not surprising though. 
I was born there. I have a feeling Trump wouldn't want to count me as a US citizen if California did secede...The current Cal Exit/Yes California is receiving [Russian backing](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/01/why-russia-loves-the-idea-of-california-seceding-214632) but I remember people talking about how X would be if California was its own country when I was little. I don't remember anyone seriously talking about secession. What was talked about more was potentially splitting California into several states. Which would actually give Democrats more power...6 California states could mean as many as 10 more Dem senators (depending on how you split it) and therefore more electoral votes. Huh.
You jest but r/politics hates this man so much that many would love the idea of a civil war if it meant they could get rid of him.
Trump hates the West Coast and so do the red states. Without us in their way they could have the autocratic fascist paradise they've always dreamed of. I don't think they would put up much of a fight. If they did, Trump can be bought and we've got plenty of millionaires. 
They have the 6th largest GDP in the world, I don't think they'd have trouble gathering allies or defending their cities. I don't think they'll secede but if it happened I wouldn't see North Korea or Russia as issues. USA East would be the biggest problem and they'd wage economic war fare before actual combat.Edit: They also have silicone valley, imagine all of those companies working together to defend California. I wouldn't fuck with silicone valley.
>  then Californians should tell the Fed to go fuck itself until Trump is thrown out like a piss-stained pair of panties.So you are not going to pay your federal taxes?  
I have no idea why they haven't 
--South Carolina,  1860
This is what people need to remember. Who cares about the law? Drumpf surely doesn't 
>Yea, fuck the law. That's all fine and dandy until Trump decides to ignore a court ruling. Ignoring the law is a supremely stupid idea. 
I believe the monthly crime report of illegal aliens committing crime is intended to do just that. 
*96
bring Maryland, the northern parts of Virginia, and Philly with youHell, let's cut out enclaves like DFW, Houston, Chicago, and the entire West Coast to come with us
dont forget oregon and washington. wont let them import shit. haha. 
You failed to make your case that the US does not need California but you did make a perfectly sensible case that California needs the US. The US does indeed still need California and if California left in some way it would certainly be destructive for the state but it would also be enormously destructive to the US as a whole. So maybe the disproportionate things that California DOES provide (which you didn't actually disprove, just argued if they left it'd be different) should be taken with some fucking gratitude by the federal government and maybe flyover state conservatives shouldn't be so eager to say the most productive and populous state should have its opinions entirely dismissed because collectively the uneducated republican welfare state mass lives on a larger amount of empty land.Dismiss California and the entire country suffers. They DO pay more than they get back, and the US DOES need them just as California needs the US. Maybe your efforts would be better spent trying to stop the taker state uneducated conservatives from spamming the meme that the states which actually do all the heavy lifting for America like California and New York don't deserve their voices to be heard just because they have more people and it's actually empty land that should have the most voting power.
Wouldn't wear that even if I got it for free. 
All while looking like a bitch. 
Damn straight, Trump followers go crazy if you don't give Trump the insane benefit of a doubt. I remember having to explain to them why liberals were criticizing Trump about this when all the evidence (Trump's background, not consulting with the State department on foreign powers, the sloppy execution) suggested an error of ignorance, hubris, or both. They had to imagine that this was the beginning of a deliberate and coordinated political campaign. 
A significant chunk of Trump supporters are authoritarian... they are weak willed cowards who believe what they are told to believe. Since the guy in charge is a Russian stooge, they are also Russian stooges. Once the head Republican is no longer a Russian stooge, they will no longer be Russian stooges.This country is roughly the same today as it was 2 years ago... its just a bit of a shock how many weak willed cowards there are in this country.
Its worse than that. Thr west coast and NE are drifting economically, socially, culturally. Its not just political. We are almost not even the same country any longer. Hell we dont even share the same facts.
Do you trust the south with nuclear weapons?
It would be more than two.California will probably be the first to secede and try to become its own country. Oregon and Washington might try to go with them, and if that fails they'll probably secede on their own. New England will be next, taking everything from Maine to Maryland with it. Texas will probably go next just because they can, and because a secession bill comes up every year and their legislature anyway so why not take advantage of this opportunity. Some of the Midwestern states, especially the northern liberal ones like Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin, would attempt to be annexed by Canada. What you're left with of the fractured United States is the Southeast and a portion of the Midwest that would largely resemble the original Louisiana purchase. Three or four new countries would have been created out of the former union. 
The problem is that you can't divide people among ideas. Families are made up of both sides of the political spectrum.
I think if we were to do that, it should be at least four countries. The West, the Northeast, the Midwest, and the South.   
That's still civil war, its the same non traditional warfare the US has been involved in since 9/11.
That doesn't mean that it will die down, it means that we will see the same guerilla tactics that are used in modern civil wars worldwide. Think of the IRA in Ireland or any of the examples in the Middle East and Africa. Look at the FARC rebels in Colombia. The logistics of the war will change when the sides can't be clearly defined but people will still die and the country will be destroyed if it happens. 
No it's because the feds help poor black people in those states. 
Hell I bet a lot of the anti-Trump fake news is Russian propaganda as well. They don't care about us liking Trump, they just want us divided.
I need to create a plan and get some rations. Got plenty of food but not much in the way of canned, preserved food. I hope the Big One happens but we recover quick, cuz lord knows it's gonna be a shitty couple years once it happens... :/
They'll just decide that he doesn't need that chapter 11 and do imminent domain. Lets be honest Donald owes money there. 
And crippling California's GDP could swing us into a depression the likes of which we've never seen before. 
They will make highly organized refugees
Putin wants the US to break up. Do you not understand geopolitical consequences of caliexit?
Not if we keep the federal taxes for ourselves... instead of sending it back to the goverment
Absolutely he can say what he wants. Go all bluster and rant and waste all of his political capital on a losing fight.It'll make the GOP all the more weak in 2018.But your original comment suggested we would some how fall in line (not you words, but I'm paraphrasing).But California is on some rock solid constitutional ground.So again I'm not worried.
If defunding occurred, it would be a declaration of war. Revoking access would be the least of your problems.There is no middle ground here. California sends over $400 billion/year to the Federal government. We already get screwed having to fund red states who hate us and deal with it because we accept the glacial pace of changing the rest of America as the cost of doing business.Cut us off completely and that equation changes.
Come and fight us then Floridan! We have every right in the world under this illegitimate regime. 
No, Blue States need to swarm the Red States and take them back by any means necessary. Sherman laid the path, we just have to march it.
As a resident of a red/swing state, no please no.
Can we take Austin, Texas with us? I feel like we can't leave our allies in the Deep South behind.
You're leaving us blue in red states behind. 
Please don't penalize major cities in red states.  Kansas City and St. Louis don't deserve to suffer because of the rest of the state.
the coasts become greater canada, and inland becomes super mexico.  texas remains texas.
Those states are often ones Trump won by narrow margins. If only 20% of a red state's population voted for him does that mean we can write off the other 80% who either voted against him or were indifferent at the time?
Yeah, as a Chicago resident who lives in the middle of the national clusterfuck on a blue island, please don't do that.
I believe that this country is getting too big (populous) to govern effectively.  It would be an interesting experiment to break the US into an EU-style shared market alliance between 50 sovereign states.  Each state would be it's own country, but share currency and open borders.  Some of those red states would be much worse off under this arrangement, but the they would be in charge of their own destiny for better or worse.  Maybe governing a very sparsely populated state like Wyoming would work better with far right policies.  There would likely be some inter-state migration in response to extreme political policies...  It would be interesting to see what would happen.  (It never will.)
I'm from Minnesota. We may be blue but we are surrounded. We need the other blue states to stay. 
I'm all for it.  I'm fucking tired of arguing with absolute insanity. Instead of agreeing that a problem exists and coming up with different ways to address it,  federal politics has become entirely about being held hostage by a party that is trying to dismantle the country.  And we are stuck footing the bill for it. 
Don't abandon the cities in those states.
Just let the south secede again that would be a big step in the right direction.
Lol. Comments like these are fucking adorable.
The West Coast is sick of sending our fine representatives to DC so they can waste their professional lives trying to convince Republicans to not be shitty people. We would be better off with them running our new country.
You don't live in a redstate, republicans could literately go around on kill sprees in those states slaughtering people and they would still vote for them.
A few years ago, there was a libertarian proposal to take over Vermont. Maybe we should all take over Wyoming.
This. We need to just get out the vote at the local level. State legislatures, house, and senate. This needs to be done in every single state in every election from now on. Check out /r/indivisibileguide or /r/antitrumpalliance or /r/bluemiderm2018 for tons of links, actions, and resources. 
Red states are that way because the rural population outnumbered the metro population. Even the blue states are actually concentrated pockets of blue in the middle of red rural landmass. Yes, it would take relatively few people to spread out to the country, but a) moving is expensive, b) jobs and housing are much more sparse, and c) services and culture in rural America are much worse, if they're available at all- Internet, TV, entertainment, dining, libraries, theaters, etc are few and far between outside of cities. 
Harding won the 1920 election. I think you meant the 1916 election when Wilson was re-elected over Hughes. 
Not nuking CA, but Trump or someone like him deciding the best way to deal with ~~Gyna~~ China over some minor dispute is a tactical nuclear strike.I never meant to suggest that Los Angeles would turn to glass, but yea, I can see how that's mildly unclear in my original post.
Why bother? Dam the rivers and shut off the water supply.
They would be, because they rarely consider the full picture.
Follow the money. Always. 
I don't want a secession much less a war. Putin wants that because he wants America to crumble into dust. Fuck him and fuck Russia. 
He'll get rid of himself all by himself. Democrats just need to stand clear of the blast radius. 
He'll be taken down from the inside by some patriot that understands just how dangerous he is, North Korea style.  
Mercenaries ftw! And drone armies, 'cause Silicon Valley.
I believe it goes *No taxation without representation*
IRS is very emerald as enforcement arm (thank GOP for that) they gave in when 20k Scientologists started skipping on federal taxes and gave Church of Scientology their tax exempt status. Now imagine 2-3 million people stop paying taxes. 
He already is.  The law of the Fed is dead.
Depends on how direct the correlation is, the government has wide latitude but it's not indefinite.If sanctuary cities are .05 percent above the crime rate for illegal aliens in other cities, that probably won't cut it. If it's 15-20 percent higher, they would have a much stronger argument.
I stand corrected
really you should add Washington DC in there too. can we make Obama the president of this new republic? 
Take from Chicago to Milwaukee. We voted 80% for Hillary.
Minnesota is gonna join Canada 
They pay back in grants yes, but not overall cost. The federal government indirectly spends money for every state that doesn't apply to that factoid.The US can replace CA's agricultural output. Some crops like Avocados and wine may be a little more expensive. Not the biggest deal in the world. The US can put the Marines in Portland instead of San Diego. Trading ports can move. Silicon Valley and major US corps would move out. Some would stay, but significant numbers would leave as the US talent pool would be cut off. The US doesn't need California oil by any means.Most of the republican welfare is due to poor minority populations in the red states, by the way. Other than true heartlands like Wyoming which still provide valuable raw resources to the country.The US would get on just fine without California. California would be much worse off without the US. Believing the heartland doesn't contribute to the US is the height of silliness too. Coastal cities need food, power, raw materials, etc. that they don't produce themselves. On top of the more general economic output of the heartland of course.Bottom line is it'd be a disaster for CA and an inconvenience for the other 49 states. CA literally cannot provide its own basic resources like water and power. The Valley would dry up as the Colorado river goes off limits. Water would either be more expensive or be cut off, and so CA won't be able to dump tons of water into agriculture anymore. Not that the Valley's water use was sustainable to begin with..Obviously Calexit is never going to happen, but people acting like it'd be easy breezy for CA (mostly referencing the federal grants factoid) don't see the full picture.
Traitors! Not just cowards.
You think it's us that's drifted? Not so long ago, even Republicans shared more of our ideals... Then White conservatives lost their damn minds for some reason. 
Honestly as much as I feared Balkanization back in the day currently I feel like we just need to jettison ourselves and let the red parts of the country hang themselves on their nooses. 
Iowa might join them, we are normally a blue state. Plus we could cripple some serious economy. See how they like lack of corn exports! 
Perhaps that's the perception. There are actually far more poor white people in the US than any other group. (Not by percentage, just by the numbers.)  No other group receives as much public assistance in the US, it's not even close.
And those heroin addicted coal miner kids.
I got downvoted for posting what I remembered vaguely. What do they give vs take. Isn't it almost an even swap give or take 50-100?
Ya but california can't print its own money. So it doesn't matter how many dollars it makes or keeps. Maybe if it became an independent nation but the chaos it would cause would never lend itself to sound fiscal or tax policy.
If it actually happened, I think CA would fall in line. The chances of it happening are small, though.
**Eats popcorn**I'm just here for the fight. Or If Cali over there needs some backup. 
I'm pretty sure burning Atlanta would not yield a blue Georgia...
I disagree with this. I disagree with Red State racism, misogyny, homophobia, transphobia, and ableism, but they have the right to their (abhorrent) opinions. Let Blue Staters have our own nations, and continue on the path of social harmony, scientific advancement and education, material prosperity, and peace. Let Red Staters wallow in their own bigotry, illiteracy, Christian Sharia, and obesity. 
OK, you first.
It's not about red and blue states being the divide anymore, it's about the people who live in the cities versus those who live in the country. You can't win this battle of ideas with open war against your gun hoarding neighbors. The most powerful nation in our world's history splitting in half at the state and city level would be a massive disaster for everyone.The best weapon in this era is knowledge and philosophy, with people educating the ignorant and living by a general creed to do better for humanity. Sounds cheesy, but it sure wouldn't hurt to try.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5q8ych/shia_labeouf_arrested_at_his_nyc_trump_protest/dcxbj61/?context=3 lol
Come here first and then we'll secede.
Please don't unshackle themselves from the literal ball and chain that red states are? 
ya sure
That would be every major city, and a bunch of minor ones, not just Austin.My county, in a Trump state, went for Clinton by a wider margin than we did for Obama in '12 (and both times it was a landslide margin). Make no mistake, you've got large numbers of committed allies all throughout the nation.  
Yeah it might be a bad idea in hindsight 
Don't leave the flyover states to Mexico. Mexico doesn't deserve that.
Not sure canada would want murrica between its legs.
That, and I think the federal government has gotten more powerful than the founders intended. A lot of that is out of necessity in a world that looks a lot different than it did in 1787. If states *did* actually control more, and a couple clauses in the constitution were changed, then the US would look a lot more like the EU and I think would perhaps work better since the US is a lot larger and has a lot more people than 13 colonies did.
This was how Rome fell =/
I've been saying that for the past year.  States do not have enough of a free hand to dictate labour and social welfare policy, taxes for such programs should be paid to the state not the Federal government, that way Mississippi cannot stop say, Massachusetts or a group of connected states from setting up single payer health care, while Alabama would choose to go without it.  We don't have states that really compete with one another because the Federal government has become all encompassing.Lower Federal taxes, let the Fed deal with trade, human rights, defense.  States should set social, energy, welfare, labour, etc policy and have enough of a free hand to levy taxes to pay for it.(And I say that as a native Atlantan, who has lived in New Orleans, Washington DC and in the UK).  The US has become ungovernable.
You're adorable :)
we need more purple states. 
But then people would have to move to Wyoming. 
It's like a chicken and egg problem. If a sufficient mass of people could move from places like San Francisco and New York to towns in Kentucky, they could recreate the urban culture and live happy lives there. They would also face a lower cost of living.The tech industry is capable of doing this, since tech jobs are easily relocatable.
CA would be fine to be honest but the government would have to exert a lot of control. An overwhelming majority of the water supply goes to agriculture, and a large amount of that agriculture is the food supply for the other states in the US. If you cut CA's water they're going to cut your food supply. 
Oh, yeah.  That worked for DC.  It's on our license plates.
I mean if Maryland and NoVa are coming, DC is pretty impliedObama would be fine, but I would prefer someone like Bloomberg running the show.We may dislike guns and xenophobia, but fiscal conservatism is alive and well in all of America's greatest cities. 
Some reason might be constant bashing on our Kenyan Muslim President for 8 years.
How late do u work tonight?
I dunno, the rest of America might start a war to take Iowa back once they find out they're about to lose their high fructose corn syrup. 
It is almost an even swap but california gives slightly more than it recieves.. i forget the exact numbers i believe it was something like .70-.90 cents to every dollar they give
Like I said our rainy day fund will cover us until a stay is placed on any legislation to achieve this and it'll never even make it to the supreme court.No risk at all.
I have a feeling that ga will go blue in the midterms.  Democrats need to put in work tho
Burning the rest of the state might though. 
You just skip that step.
Their implosion wouldn't stay contained, and it would create a humanitarian crisis if left to their own devices.
I've been waiting for the go ahead since W first took office, but you lack the authority to make it happen. 
It's still true. You can't coddle fascists. Fascism is an inherently right-wing ideology. 
Let me hop on that train
agreed, my foolish quick thinking.
United States of Middle 'Murica
I'd rather live in even rural Mississippi or some shitty West Virginia coal town than in MexicoEven MS and WV have a per-capita GDP of ~$35k. Mexico's barely breaks five figures
My state only had a single blue county.
Have you ever been yo Jackson Hole? Place is absolutely gorgeous, id move there in a heartbeat
Every time I see this I think It's useless, you fool. They love it on reddit, though. 
> someone like Bloomberg You mean you want to see how a successful billionaire would run the country?
> Democrats need to put in work thoThis is critical.  Democrats are too quick to cry voter suppression when their mid-term turnout has always been shit.  Between that and the DNC basically abdicating state politics in favor of concentrating on the White House, it's no wonder we're in this shitdown of a shitstorm.
So burn Atlanta and leave it red?  Got it.
Right. A self-inflicted humanitarian crisis. One that they deserve.
We could consider a refugee program? 
Sure, just improve the weather & give it a modern metropolitan area to live in.
except this successful billionaire has a proven track record, with a good term as the mayor of New York City
