yo if you dont use discord you better start today because this is the cool kids club
League of legends trees group? Let's go! Of course must be completely lit before each game
What is discord? 
Guys, help me make this discord lit, join us in the voice chat to have and online smoke sesh with us!
Oh damn. Who here plays Rust?
This is awesome! I never even considered this. I'm always smoking alone late at night, now I can sesh with you beautiful ents. Good idea!
Anyone play PC games? 
So i have a club made on xbox for trees and was wondering if there was any way you guys could shout that out too, my post has about 110 upvotes as of rn, just tryna get the word out trees is the club name
I downloaded the app, but I'm having no luck finding trees- it asks for a discord hashtag, and the open the app link doesn't open it.I'm on an iPhone 
Great server, everyone's friendly 
Nice. Gonna try it out later. Hopefully there's ents at different hours
I'm lost what's a discord server
[removed]
[removed]
That's cool, a lot of my ancestors were in the kool kids klub too! Didn't know this was it.
Gunna run & grab a coffee then hop on and burn a j with y'all 
With League of Legends and weed being 2 of my most favorite things, would love to join this group! Maybe we could create one of those chat groups in the league client as well. 
Yooo. Let's goo
Discord is a popular text/voice chat client that a lot of subreddits have been setting up recently for their communities. You can run it from your browser, a desktop application, or mobile phone, and it's really simple to use. It's a similar concept to IRC but re-imagined with more functionality and an intuitive user interface. I think a lot of people may have been dissuaded from participating in our IRC channel due to the learning curve. Fifteen years ago a text-based interface would be fine, but it's 2016 and graphical user interfaces have become the norm. So, my hope is that Discord is more accessible for the average /r/trees user. It has also become pretty popular recently so we're just getting with the times, it seems.
I do! 1k+ hours of pure solo play too...
Hell yeah. Probably over 15k hours by now over various games. 
Almost 900,000 subs. Shouldn't be a problem.
It's a big public call where everyone can talk to each other
7:30 est discord league of legends high fuck fest! Cya there name will be psmoothie on discord
I'll be on discord later to get it going
I thank you.
Whaaaaaat im joining asap.
Damn I'm on the west coast and work till 6pst so I'll be runnin a lil late, also picking up an eighth after work to be fully prepared for the sesh :D but I'll be definitely joining you Asap. League name is DaddieMcFly
You're ofc welcome to talk about **most** of these things here on /r/trees but I want to help build up some of these communities :)
Hey Gryph, I didn't know you were a veteran! Thank you for your service! Also, I think you should advertise glassheads as heady and custom glass pieces and r/pieces for general production work. I've found glassheads will eat anyone posting a photo of a generic bong alive. Oh and don't forget about cannabisextracts and treedibles!! :)
I am not a moderator, but I invite anyone from anywhere to come visit /r/canadients. Even /r/Canada has a marijuana post daily almost. We are excited and impatient to get our legal weed we were promised! Its getting exciting though.
From Massachusetts head over to R/bostontrees !
I'm surprised it wasn't mentioned but for other WLW ents, there's /r/lesbients 
We also have an community of ladies who toke over at r/entwives. Everyone is welcome & it's a beautiful community of ladies who are very supportive and friendly. :)
i cant find it help
Don't forget about rolling ents over at /r/artofrolling!
I would suggest /r/chinaglass, as I'd love to get more activity over there. Really big fan and contributor over there. I would list /r/pieces right before or after glassheads, because as another commenter suggested, they are EXTREMELY anal about their sub. Not a bad thing, they just have specific content they like. I think your updated description is good, but I'd add heady in there, not that anyone cares.I know /r/cannabisextracts is also a tight place with posts - but the alternate subs are low activity. I'm not sure anyone cares about /r/bhoshots for example. Even /r/rosin, while a sub with a lot of useful information, just isn't widely used.Good stuff though. Like seeing the network grow.
Maybe more region-specific subs should be added. There's one for Canada and I'm sure many other countries. Contrary to what some Americans seem to think, there is a world outside the US.
Are their enough North Dakota ENTs to warrant a subreddit?
Whats snoo and menu?  I used to have one at the top and no longer do.  There is no banner either.  PC users with firefox and ABP here
As someone whose never smoked a day in his life but is looking to start, where would be the best place to start? Any guides, articles, etc are greatly appreciated as I want to know exactly what I'm doing to minimize any chance of me doing something dumb. 
Don't forget r/treecomics!
I went to [this site](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/wiki/entreddits_local#wiki_california) and looked for something in LA are you serious? not one for LA?
Why am I not surprised north Dakota has NONE
This was helpful. Thanks!
No shout out to tree radio smh
How can I forget if I never knew it was there?!? Thanks for the heads up :D
If you live in a different country than the USA we have you guys covered to in our Global section.Still no one made a section for Belgium :(
Is there one for nail polish using ents?
https://www.reddit.com/r/treesgonewild/
Local subreddits:/r/SwissTrees isn't really active anymore. /r/CHTrees is the active (sadly not a lot of activity) Swiss Ent sub.
Of course we don't have a local one haha
dafuq is a snoo?
/r/entflix ?
What would be the best sub to find a penpal from one of the legal states to be my buddy!!! We could send each other cool gifts!!! Like I can send you stuff from Georgia and you could send me stuff from your state! All kinds of things we could send like candies and jellies!
Was that always there?
I think you should add /r/wax pen very active sub for smoking concentrates on the go
I tried to ask if people were in Pittsburgh to make a r/treesPgh, and my post got deleted. My bad, I'm not on here often. How would I go about making this and finding folks who would be interested?
Guys any one recommend a trippy video/movie to watch when high?  
Isn't it weird how menu also means like a food menu 
is there a subreddit for stoner-art? on and about trees. I'd be very interested to join such community. 
Thanks for the sick compilation!
Thanks for posting this!
I think r/Autoflowers is definitely worth a mention too. Great little sub for learning how to grow, really friendly and safe to fail community. 
.. l
Just throwing this out there -- if there's any Zelda fans out there, /r/zeldents is your friend and we'd love to have more regular posters or lurkers! Please come join us, we want YOU!
Woof.
I don't know if this one is on the list, but y'all don't forget r/MAGAjuana for all those who like Trump and trees and don't want to be shart on for either belief. 
Add ent_trees on snapchat for everyone to share their daily high life adventures.
I welcome all our Indian stoners to r/IndianEnts 
Why am I not surprised that Wyoming doesn't have a page?
too bad the philippine sub reddit for trees is no longer active :(
Hey guys fellow DCent here! I would like for you guys to check out r/DCents I've been on there for about 2 weeks and love that sub. If you are goin to visit the dc area I HIGHLY recommend it! 
Thank you :) and I changed it to Have some beautiful glass to show off? Go to /r/glassheads hopefully tht fits the vibe there better :)
also added /r/treedibles and /r/CannabisExtracts 
/u/GryphonEDM :)?
[deleted]
As I mentioned we have a [global section] (https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/wiki/entreddits_world) for people outside of the US. We don't create these subreddits, other people do and if they ask to be added to the list we add them.
/r/saplings
[removed]
> And an official music site where you can talk and play tunes.It's there bud :) Trust me I didn't miss it, I made TreesRadio 
You could make a Belgium subreddit then :)
Let's hope haha they are quite picky. My mobius pieces aren't even welcome there
Oh also entexchange for buying selling and trading!
I read menu in the title and got excited, I want KFC
My bad. /r/BHOporn. Wrong sub.
thats because glassheads is for high end functional glass art. Artists like jdmapleson and salt glass. 
lmfao. You're truly gifted frient. ;)
[removed]
Do you live in South Africa bro?
http://i.imgur.com/oZ6lnGS.gifv
fake.  lemme pretend im higheven at a [10[ this would, like, never happenit was definitely reported for humormaybe it did hapen but not to the point where he;d comment/complainhe probs opened it up upside down and thought it'd be funy to pretend like he didnt know
Can some pot head enlighten me on what [9] meant ? Is it the level of highness ? 
How do you turn a pizza upsidedown without realizing?
/r/im14andthisisfunny
This is a repost of huge magnitude. This was originally a contrived post by some American complaining to Dominoes.Dude you suck. 
Thought I was in r/quityourbullshit but was pleasantly surprised by that ending. What a rollercoaster.
~~Repost.~~
Tree_IRL
The phrasing is funny and all but it's actually nice of that customer to admit it was their bad opposed to attempting to reap whatever the pizza place might've offered.
This is stolen. I've seen this exact same story a couple years ago.
Hot 
The rare crust lover's pizza
I work at a pizza place, and you would be surprised how many orders we get that are like this. Not exactly like this but close. Like last weekend a lady ordered our chicken bacon club sandwich, but she asked for that with no chicken, no tomato, and no fuckin bread. I just gave her a plate with lettuce and bacon on it. She was stoked. 
It's hard getting good trees here in Durbs. Anyway solid post OP :) 
Can we stop bastardizing English with shit like 'af' and 'fam', makes you sound retarded.
I hate when /r/trees gets to the front page, because the comments always go from awesome to shitty 
Nice repost bro , need dem internet points?
I am here from /all and I am not familiar with the way this sub operates. What does [9] mean?
Shame for trying to pass this off as your own, OP. 
Jesus. Not original.  You copied this word for word. Fucking die. 
No lie, I have done this. SO brought over frozen pizza brand I had never tried. Many drinks later I took it out of the oven and was amazed that the crust was on top.  I cooked it upside down.
Lmao nice 
Very few items on the interwebs make me actually laugh out loud but this did.Thx for the guffaw you humornaut!
God damn it everything is a [9] on here.. If everything is a 9 nothing is a 9! 
Haha South african pizza
Can you imagine, oh my god lmao
This is the best thing ever. 
A couple months ago my fiance phoned in an order of pad thai to our local thai restaurant. She sent me out to go pick it up without telling me she ordered it from the OTHER thai restaurant that we never go to in our town.I was high as balls and thought the guy behind the counter was just fucking with me when he said we didnt have an order in. Similar but different lol
How do you even manage that?
Older than the internet 
Mad props for admitting it. I'm sure it made their day haha
This made me laugh so hard just now.  Thank you!
One time I was making cake in a cup and couldn't figure out why it was so runny. Turns out I put it in the microwave and set a timer instead of actually running the microwave lol
fam
Didn't this get posted like two years ago but as a dominos Facebook post?
I'm laughing so much GG
[removed]
50 minutes later you are ok
I once had some alchohol and then i forgot everything. there are videos of me running feral down the streets.
Me[9]irl
I felt sad bc by the time he realized the pizza was probably ruined all stuck to the box and what not :/
[removed]
Rengabando was my only lineWe had to thrice endure the silly wine
Someone told me about this story earlier tonight and here it is 
Old
Dude! South African living in the USA for the past 25 years. I remember ordering debonairs a kid. Delivery guy would show up in a tux. Thanks for the memories. 
And this is how you get thrown in a for profit jail.  Good goin' OP. 
Lol that is great hahaha
> High AF> Ordered DominosYup, checks out.
Your not the only one friend
Wow, original joke!
I am so sorry for your loss.
did they respond? xD
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!&nbsp;******^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though**^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Degenerate retards
Yes
Me_ir9
Pretty old joke tbh, suprised it got this many uptokes lol
When i'm at [9] I probably won't even be able to post anything at all. Respect dude.
So I went to my college cafeteria to get food while at (10) and I was browsing reddit while eating and I straight up got to this post and it took me about an hour I was looking at this goddamn photo trying to figure out what the hell it meant. 
There was one lady that ordered dominos when I worjed there,  once a week she ordered a Gluten free, no sauce no cheese with spinach and onions.  Annoying as fuck because there is nothing to hold the toppings on and spinach will burn in the pizza oven with nothing on top of it
There was this one time when I got high and placed an order for Buffalo Wild Wings and I ended up driving to a different location from where I called.
Woolag
O wow this made me laugh 
Fake af
This is a 9 nothing is a repost of huge magnitude.
How do you open a pizza upside down?
I don't even know what it's like to be this high. :/
Just curious on how do you open a pizza box upside down, or I guess the better question would be how does it even get upside down in the first place? 
HAHAHAHA!! THIS IS THE BEST!! Can we be friends IRL?!?!?
Memes, image macros, screenshots, and off-topic posts need to be posted on /r/see.But yeah, 27 thousand upvotes for a no-effort meme seems about right...
/r/thathappened man this sub is stupid. Weed doesn't make you have down syndrome jesus christ
Too damn funny
I bet this person drives EVEN BETTER when they're high. 
I once was convinced I had three bodies and was floating to the moon with my friend.
Your fucking stupid if you open a pizza box upside down
You reposted your own content because you thought it was the funniest thing in the world still
I'll take a toke for ya aunt Jemima 
>high ass fuck
Just realized that the two are word for word the same, minus the name and the response from the pizza place.
Bam-fucking-boozled.
.. Yeah I mean it's whatever if op wants to repost but he should stop replying to people as if it actually happened
OP didn't even try. Could have reworded it. Paraphrased. Nope. Word for word
Yeah but OPs is from 1h ago, yours is from 43 minutes ago ^/s
I do in fact! 
haha the TelkomSA instantly caught my attention
 this reminds me of the time that I was resser tsosser for my lindal teckers.
yeah there's really only one way to open a pizza box
Why does this read like greentext? Swear im a [0].
Its not fake, just basically copy pasta OP stole from some other dude a while back lol
it was meant as a joke fam. thats y its funny. someone thought like a step ahead in making that joke
You'd be surprised. My friend was at a [5], ordered pizza, and somehow convinced himself that the pizza man was going to kill him so he locked the door and didn't answer it
Yeah -- on a scale of 1-10.
Yes
Yes
Yes 
Yes
Am I having a stroke
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
yes
God I love this sub 
I thought they were the age of the person posting for the first couple days I was browsing this sub because every post was 9 or 10 and I was shocked at how young these fucking stoners were. MFW I figured it out. 
Yes
Thank you
Yes
By being high af, duh
And yet look where this post is at now. Its fucking sad that every subreddit is now one big mess.
I never heard it and it actually made me laugh. Good on you, OP.
tbf, OP might not know that and just stumbled upon someone else making the joke.
[England, not US.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/11071992/Fast-food-fan-immediately-regrets-complaining-to-Dominos-about-pizza-without-toppings.html)
You weren't wrong, he stole that entire joke from an old Pizza Hut meme
Hey bro not a repost I submitted it first, didn't censor correctly so it got removed. I mean no harm 
I've never seen it. Good repost 
Am I in /r/trees or /r/douche? Who cares?!
Pizza delivery guy here. I have masturbatory sessions thinking about customers who admit when they fuck up and then treat us with respect.
If I ran this company's social media I'd send them free breadsticks/dessert or something. Stoners gotta eat, brand loyalty to the max! 
yea, but its funny
It's a secret menu item
Good luck man! The weather is also decent to grow so get some seeds 
I can't stand that shit either.  Also I have a friend named Phil Kessel lol.
It is an / [10] rating of how high you are, I'm currently at a manageable lovely old [5]
I'm tired of seeing this edited with different pizza shop names...
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Weed doesn't do all that
Its 'You're'.
>Your fucking stupid if you open a pizza box upside down>Your fucking stupid>YourHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAOh the irony
It wasn't censored properly bud, I just wanted to post it for reals 
You place an order?
That's not you. You're a phony! 
Toke a shot out yurr butt for me! 
Take a toke for me too, thanks
Hello South African using recycled jokes.
Ops a phony
Not a bad way to ass fuck tbh
I hate when I'm high ass fucking and have to open boxes of pizza.
They copied each other
Well the one said high af and the other said high ass fuck
Nothing on the internet is real. 
wow, and just think some guy 4 years ago did it the exact same too!What an original post.
yeah the original version of this joke is actually an [old telephone call](https://youtu.be/pkAeNcNJVjA).
This is an oldie, it's been floating around for a while. Who knows how many of these exchanges have gone down on various social media pizza pages by now...
And he got 27,000 upvotes. Reddit is an irritating place at times. I'd rather see actual original content than endless recycled memes (half of which aren't even funny) but I'm clearly in the very, very, very small minority.
Really interested to know where you exactly are from, I myself am a moroccan student in germany.
Awe, howzit howzit
[deleted]
U wot m8?
Yeah, the right way.
Be me.Be me agreeing with you.
Yeah I definitely just saw a different photo of this exact scenario like last week.  
Thank you |6]
And here I was trying to figure out how this connected to day[9]
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Yes
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Aww
thank you
Thank you
You're welcome.
Thank you
Thank you
If you're that high, theres no way the pizza isnt falling out during the flip
But what about everyone that *did* see it before? It's way too much to ask them to downvote and move on, man! Don't be crazy! ;)
Finally, hero with the only sauce that counts.OP is a shameless South African reposter
You still ripped off the old meme, tho. Word for word.
[deleted]
I used to deliver for Domino's. I did fuck up my fair share, but for every time I fucked up there was about 10 customers fucking shit up and pinning it on me. Pretty frustrating stuff. 
I sent a pizza guy to the wrong address at like 3 AM one time and wasted like an hour of his time. But I gave him a 20 dollar tip for a 20 dollar order. I just nodded at him, without saying a word, and handed him the money. He nodded back and left. I think we were square. I hope he didn't spit on my food.
Shh. Let him have his moment. 
Well it did soooooo
Different body chemistries = people get affected in different ways.
No, its *his* fucking stupid.
*yo'ure 
There seem to be a few bitter dankrupt folks in here tonight.FWIW fellas I am too. One of the many joys of studying in bumfuck nowhere of Norway.
Yes, but this one has too much cheese.
That username
I  use chill with this hoe that had a glass butt plug bong. A butt bong. A bong you take hits from while it is held in a butt. 
Brah, that's the only way to go.
So do I downvote the post, and upvote the comment/link?
That seems hard to do.
When your classmate gives you to copy down the task and asks to change a bit.
Not even these comments.
[which itself is from a script from the 80's](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Why is British english so much harder to understand than american one?
Joburg mate 
Morocco is North Africa. Germany is Europe. South Africa is... like the middle of Africa. This comment provides so many more answers than questions. 
Where do you live in Germany?
Nice try, DEA
[removed]
Awe mate 
Not sure why you're being downvoted, he stole this joke, word for word, from a Pizza Hut meme that's been floating around for awhile.. 
Oh they just let me out for a bit to send my peekies
Yup, more than a year old at least haha
If your not high your at a [0] If you are high though but still didn't know what that meant allow me to introduce you to r/trees Edit: I guess this wasnt a [3] like I thought 
No problem [h]
[The definitive ranking](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3gm94h/the_levels_of_being_high/ctzgti3/)
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
Thank you
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
You're welcome
Aww
Aww
Aww
... Aww?
Aww
Aww
Thank you
aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
Aww
It's /r/trees they assume everything here is true because high af lol
Bro I will literally send you the link, I redid it today. Wait for me to get off mobile 
He was probably really pissed at you but yeah he probably forgave you after that tip
Nah man that shit kinda bugs me and I see it all the time on this sub. Like these people are either retarded or they are taking LSD/mescaline before they smoke because half of the experiences I see mentioned on here from a weed high are weirder and trippier than lsd/shroom/peyote trips I've had 
:/ Wuuut? Are you okay buddy?
y'our'e
Wtf?? I've never seen this but in the last two threads I've read FWIW has been used. What does it mean?
Not dankrupt, just cringe whenever I see people try so hard to be funny
[Maybe this one is better?](http://www.thelocal.se/userdata/images/article/61cbf4740e6f1f8d529e6271b7a965e6f97fcb777fbc60235e7cfdf991cb0cfa.jpg)
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0uVKSq0YAdzedit: nevermind that perky pupper in the background!##***;)***
This pizza wants proof, pics please 
Hehe I want it. 
Username checks out
Downvote then both and upvote this
But not impossible
/r/indianpeoplefacebook
I just made $5 for this one.  TACO BELL 
god damn you i didnt even see it coming
That link is already purple.... something fishy is going on.
[Nice try](https://i.imgur.com/SpVuMax.jpg)
Well if it's any consolation, most Brits can't understand what that guy was saying either.
God I miss the combination steers and debonair we had in my town, best pizza ever 
No, what is your EXACT address?
Yeah yeah great dank here in jozi :)
Well, hello there friend!
My parents are from Durban
How are the chappies? 
Grandparents are from Joburg!! You Jewish? 
> South Africa is... like the middle of Africa. I was under the impression it's in the southern part of Africa.
Haha fortunately no, since I'm an agnostic, so automatically am an an infidel in the eyes of Islam.
A Jewish Joburger by any chance? Capetonian checking in
Hou gaan daai jou fokken prawn kak ?
Did someone wake Australia up early? 
That's where we are fam. You rocking a good [8]+
Aww
Aww?
Eh, actually I think I was wrong. It's definitely your cellphone at least. Cheers, sorry about that.
is this youhttps://imgur.com/rL6uW6wits word for word the same
It's not completely impossible to have trip-like experiences on weed. One time I smoked way too much of high quality weed from a bong when I was fairly new to smoking and flat out had trips/hallucinations (as evidenced [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5kk7k6/weed_trip_can_someone_explain_what_just_happened/))I was at like an [11] but still. It can happen.
To be fair, when I first started smoking I tripped out pretty hard.  I didn't see visions or anything but I did convince myself that dogs were just reincarnated people who were really good in their previous life.
If I don't sleep and then I smoke I get weird auditory hallucinations but that's about it
I've definitely had dissociative experiences from just weed, I've never tried any stronger psychedelics so I can't compare.  
No I'm 100% sure it was weed
All drugs affect different people differently. The second time I smoked I experienced lsd like hallucinations, I know that now because I've done lsd, but that's the only time it's ever happened to me. I too feel like there's a lot of people exaggerating their experiences, and that they make weed seem more trippy than it is. However, I also know people who get heavily affected by taking even just one hit, so it's hard to hate on anyone about it. All you have to do is ignore it. 
He used possessive your, I just... fuck I grammared too hard. [4]
For what it's worth
For Whoever Is Wondering 
Especially since he's taking an old joke and, word for word, passing it off as original content
Dude, you have to tag that shit nsfw on /r/trees. You've got me fiending now.
How do you eat that?
What the hell is this delicious looking treat?!
Where do I find one of these?
My proof is gone but wow, I just did a search for anal bong and discover a cove of videos titled beaver bongs. I am in awe.. 
Down the pizza and up the high
I can't wrap my head around it yet but I'm sure it'll come.
Shat exactly is typically Indian about this?
Is this like in NA where we have combination pizza hut and taco bells?
I had this exact same combo when I lived in Sudan 
42 wallaby way sydney
Jozi smoke sesh! Let's make it happen 
I'm curious, what's the price for good indoor bud in joburg. I'm in Cape Town so I just wanted to compare.
No, you're thinking of North Africa. South Africa *is* North Africa is you're high enough to look at it upside-down. 
He's a troll, better to not engage
>[infidel](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/020/546/7e7.jpg)
>infidel in the eyes of IslamMy man! 
Nailed it.
My Grandad was from Yoeville and my parents from Sea Point
Going to be joining you guys by the sea in a month or so 
Literally the only word I understood of that was fokken
fuck.
Still the exact same wording as the old one. /r/thathappened
It's all good frient 
Yeah man I used to go full space cadet when I first started. Smoking medical grade for your first few bowls will do that. I had an [11] or two where things got *weird*, like the time I melted through the wall and fell through space into a void of eternity. (I think I really just passed out but it was cool anyways).
I definitely had trippier highs when I was new to smoking. I wonder how long of a T break it would take to get back to that level.
Thank you someone who isn't an idiot about weed and understands that effects such as these can occur
I do ignore it 99.999% of the time. This time I just felt like commenting on it
Ahhhahaa :P Its okay :) It happens.
Well what's it worth??
For what it's worth
Yes, I'm wondering what it means. 
Yes
Now we're talking!
And get out and vote
My man!
Smoke some more weed and you'll figure it out
Am in Canada where we have KFC/Taco Bell in my town
Yo that's where I'm at! Where you at? 
Some of them have a KFC as well, or the rare legendary one that has all 3 restaurants.
I don't see you here, dog
Is your name P. Sherman?
Hahaha I'm game ... I'm around north joburg how about you?
Fuck this is sick 
Perfectly fine with trolls, thanks though!
I'm from Sea Point!
Grew up in Sea Point. Live in London now, though. Less sun and no beach :(
What, you didn't get prawn?
I think 'prawn' could well be 'prawn'...That still only gives us 'fucking prawn' though.
I can't believe you've done this. 
Funny how he responds to everyone except for the people calling him out on the blatant rip off of a shitty joke to begin with. 
There is nothing new under the sun.
It was weed and while it is the highest I've gotten weed usually makes me think pretty weird things just cuz u don't have similar effects or smoke enough to have such an effect doesn't mean I'm lying
*snap* Yes!
Kentacohut where I'm from. KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut
I'm all about that KFC and AW combo restaurant. Root beer float with my fried chicken. Totally killer. 
I've seen both down here in Colorado
Do yourself a favor and find a Wendy's/Tim Hortons while you're at it.
Also Canadian we USED to have Taco Bell/pizza huts, prob still some around (the one I knew of just closed down a couple months ago). I've only seen KFC/taco bells in the mall food court 
We have those in the US as well. 
They're all owned by PepsiCo, so they just mix and match them. 
I'm at the Pizza Hut.
WHAT?? How did you know??!!?
South California how about you?
Let's make a north jozi sesh happen
I don't sea your point
That's a word?
it's a tacochickenhutsource: worked there
KFC and Long John Silvers here in PA
I've seen a taco bell/dunkin donuts in Florida. 
We've got Long John Silver's + A&W where I'm from.
YES PLEASE. Waiting for someone to say KFC/AW
Wait what? yum! (KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and Wing Street) hasn't owned A&W and longjohns since like 2011 iirc... How are they still connected? Not doubting you, just wondering this franchising shit works when restaurants share a building?Or maybe Yum! still owns them and I'm just dumb lol [5]
I stayed near silverthorne a couple of years ago and the road the hotel was on went Hotel > KFC+TacoBell > Dispensary > Grocery Store. They knew what they were doing.
No way dude
Oh I'm at the taco bell
I don't see ya, I'm in the taco bell. Wave your arms around really crazy so I know it's you  
Shitzville
They're throwing out all these abbreviations for their city and you can't even Socal?!
Same. Inland empire cash me ousside howbowda
It means shrimp in American English. Prawn is the Australian way to say it.
It's a living thing mate.
I'm sorry, Kentacohut is far cooler.
Oh shit. Their chicken tendies with a root beer float. hnngg
I'm sure at this point it's just left over from previous buildings already occupying the same space. It really wouldn't make sense to split them up when both companies are making good money together. 
I'm at the *combination* pizza hut and taco bell, check it out
I got that taco smell. I got a lotta smells.
Me too. Rialto 
Why would you call someone a fucking shrimp? It sounds like it's supposed to be insulting
If that's you at a [7], how do you function at a [10]?
The man's a legend folks, keep a safe distance.
Your username is bubbathebubba, I'm sure you're always at a [7].Keep smoking frient
>function at a [10]? Is that even possible? 
At a [10] your responsibilities change to eat and become a couch statue 
Survive
https://media.giphy.com/media/rjWu7ks7deuxa/giphy.gif
Me: Awww puppyHim: He's twice as old as you areMe: Hey pupper 
The first time I ever smoked during the daytime I went to the Denver Zoo, it was also my first time ever going to the zoo, so I can definitely relate to this. 
[0] But still up at 6am me couldn't stop giggling
That must've been an experience for you...holy shit
God damn it, this giant sea otter can blow O's and I still can't.
Yo this is definitely a beluga y'all are tripping about otters 
Ok, but for real, how you train an otter to do that?
Wait these are otters?
Otters are so damn smart
Haha I cant tell if you guys are all just really high and actually think that whale is an otter or if it's just a joke that I don't get but this is the most r/trees comment section I've ever seen 
Dude I want a bubble blowing otter. 
Where is his dam?
Dude nature is crazy
How  the fuck do you teach this to a fish?!
Otters sure are cool animals
Always happy to see otters on reddit
It's bullshit that a stupid otter could kick my ass in an O contest.
It's a fact of life: whatever you do, there's otter guy that can do it better.
I was about to say.  What kind of otter has a tail like that
otter? cunt that's a dolphin.
That's not a whale.
This is a smart fishy 
I wonder if the otter could teach me how to do that
[deleted]
I wondered that, but there was another comment about it being an otter and so I just went with it.
Someone didn't get the joke :(
i thought it was a porpoise
I'll have you know the giant sea otter is a mammal!
[deleted]
All g, otters are furry animals without a fish tale.
How high are you my friend?
Hehe. That was my plan all along.
[deleted]
What comment? Wink winkLmao  
The fuck 
One of the cutest fuckin things I've ever seen
I'm getting good vibes from this picture.  Thanks fellow ent.
And then blow through it to hide the smell
I just hoped bun wasn't forced in there
Tubular 
*Weed weed WEED weed...
Blunt woulda been funnier
The face is just so cute. 
I first posted this on my insta in 2014 and it's been giving me giggles ever since!
I wonder why people is so goddamn chill when high? I like to think it is the hidden kindness we all have without any social bs in the middle.It may be a bit too much sometimes though: when I called my favorite place for a delivery and they added some appetizers on the house I was ready to kiss the delivery guy, I shit you not. 
and thc is the acronym for **t**he **h**ealth**c**are
You can't spell can't without can.
Actually wothout THC it would be Healare which means healer in hebrew.
This cannot be unseen
You cant spell chronic condition with out chronic
And you can't spell healthcare without thc 
Took me a second to realize that's not a potato with blunts in it...
In the beginning: http://i.imgur.com/XVYrkEw.png
I'd be folding the dang dishes after something like that
what does wyd stand for
I imagine the guy on the right to be George Bush and it makes it ten times funnier. 
I'm assuming they used oil for the eyes?
418!! almost 420 upvotes
Arachniblunt.
Love these wyd after smoking this memes
It looks like a spider to me. 
Damn that's looks really badass never know I wanted to smoke a spider till now.
Woah
Very pretty, thanks for sharing!
I LOVE that meme. Are there more??power washing the lawn comes to mind
What you doing?
It looks like a yam to me. 
Browsing threads on r/trees, wby?
cool thanks man
Y'all are tripping, it's a spider with its legs burnt off. It's even got eyes and teeth. 
Just finished unpacking my church warden pipe! Gonna toke on it!
Lol dude, it's what we saw at first, we eventually saw the spider.
Noice m8Just got my Snoop Dogg G-Pen recently, that's what I'm using
r/wholesometrees?
Oh so it is a spider? I thought I was going crazy, my bad lol
Nooice!
Dude I just went on there for the first time and my eyes welled up with tears [7]
You're not going crazy don't worry, that is definitely a spider on the brick wall. 
Hahahaha [7]
12 sounds like a hard place to get to. Can you smoke so much it goes from being bad, circling around to good again? That's not a fun game to play.
I see these and have to call bullshit on those last few steps. I've eaten over 1000mg of THC and dabbed heavily while doing so...I have NEVER gotten any visuals from cannabis. Eyes open OR closed.
I really don't like to go above a 5. Most often, I smoke to a 4 and chill. 
Just woke up and I'm at 1 now. Gonna change that with a cross joint later today tho.
Has anyone ever smoked themselves sober? On a few occasions its happened to me, I'll be stoned and then bam, I'm just fine and smoking more weed isn't doing anything. 
This is dumb. In reality anything around a 10 your head is spinning,  you feel like shit, and want to throw up.  The actual feeling enlightened  stage is between a 6 and a 10.
no offence dude, but honestly the scale is 1 to 10. Theres nothing above a [10]. the [10] is maximum.its always been like this and it always will be. [4]
The scale is supposed to end at 10
@0
At a 1, but thats about to change real quick
I would like this but it's a straight up repost. I would know because it's my desktop background...
i prefer this simpler [chart](http://i.imgur.com/AKrdc.png)
I think the last one is ego death and you probably need LSD or any other wonderful alkylide found on this planet. Buckle up and hold on though. 
Been up for a while, settling back down to a 6 and ready to start my day
Just got up and got to a [4]. Enjoy your day frient! 
Last night I was at a solid [9]. I actually was not able to speak English, only gibberish for the better half of an hour. 
Firt time I ever did a dab i got up to an 11, knocked me out of this world.
At what point do you get phantom earthquakes and everything you seem to say upsets people. I feel like i'm stuck in a rut at that place. 
I have gotten to 11 and the only thing I remeber is my friend looking alot smaller and wider than usual and it felt like I was in a fish Bowl, I was really scared.
Not as high as Jerry unfortunately! But surviving the night shift at a 2 
5 and climbing
Coming down from 4, another hit will probably send me to six.
[removed]
Funnily enough I get mixtures of a lot of these. I'm such a lightweight it isn't even funny. A bowl will bring me to 5 real quick. Any more hits and I'm out for the night and asleep.
Has anyone ever greened out to the point you can't walk? And your vision gets cloudy and blurry a little similar to being drunk? Usually accompanied by nausea. 
Over the years I've done every level but the last. I'm glad this exists for non stoner education purposes. 
I hate this scale so much. How many times do you hear people say, on a scale of 1-12. 0 is sober, as for taking 0 hits!
Honestly, you sound so full of yourself and I shit you not everything went into stop motion.
Started off high (4); continued to smoke as i read the descriptions; am now solidly baked (6).
I'd say the highest I've ever gotten is 10 and that's fine for me haha
Andromeda dude fucking hell man 
What about DOTC?edit: dead on the couch
My friends don't call me toasted almond for nothing
10, not done yet
[4] thanks
Currently at an [8]
Absolute highest should involve a DMT-like breakthrough. People have these breakthroughs on shrooms/acid, and I've read about some on weed. I think it's possible.
For all the people complaining there are to many numbers  http://imgur.com/pIMHAV1
noo its hi, how are you?
I hit an 11 once and I don't really remember my day. I know I walked 4 miles from the river to my house, I got kicked out of my house and I had a long talk with my parents who thought I had taken prescription drugs. I went to work and I went home sick after 2 hours. I ate a 1000 mg edible and I was so high. That was my day, never doing that again
My boyfriend's strategy when he feels uncomfortably high is to smoke more so you can get on your level! Thought he was crazy at first but tbh I've done it a few times and it actually helps balance me out in a way.It's like you get so high you forget you're high but you still act high.
I've smoke myself sober before it's quite a lame sensation.
I was at a [12] last night. I get there every weekend since I don't smoke during the week 
At that point I have a beer to calm down a bit
Yeah comparing cannabis to a good deal of strong hallucinogens at any level is a bit of a stretch.
As a person who has incredibly low tolerance levels (usually get to an [8] from 3 hits from anything), I have gotten visuals before.Maybe not to the same level as other psychedelics, but really really bright colors. Only happened to me once, but it felt like everything was oversaturated.[This first image](http://imgur.com/a/HlXzY) from an album I got from /r/shittyHDR would be how I saw things during my trip
Different people have different effects.Have definitely had very mild oevs on weed before. Mild but still, you can't just make a blanket statement nobody has ever experienced that just because you personally have not.
I had a terrible trip on hash edible. Appeared that the walls and floor were zooming in and out, near and far. As folks like to say, it may be very safe, but it's still a powerful drug. 
I don't recall what strain it was (definitely a sativa or sativa dominant hybrid) but one time I smoked a bowl right before bed and it was like the universe opened up. I would shut my eyes but the images would not stop. I lay in bed tripping for a good 45 minutes. It's weird to me because I smoke every day, usually all day. That one time really freaked me out a bit. I liked it though. 
Wait? So you're saying that your experience accounts for everyone else's exp. w/ weed? You need to realize that everyone can have diff. experiences with drugs varying on their body and plenty of other facors. Honestly, you sound so full of yourself and I cringe. 
Yeah so I get to about a 4 from one hit of a bowl, I took a dab once and I shit you not everything went into stop motion. I could see every frame of movement around me, then I threw up and fell asleep.
As a low tolerance user, I definitely have had visuals. I had like 4 rips out of a bong (when 1 was enough to get me to [6]) and was out for hours.
I'm guessing I have basically zero t. Over Christmas break I smoked the second half of a J and had an existential trip in three parts. The first I fell thirteen levels of consciousness (essentially full dissociative with certain things I was fixating on blocking each level returning to being fully present). Most of the blockers were oddly nostalgic shapes, though one was a nonsense word that I could hear being repeated over and over, I think it was a mesh of five words. In order to come back to reality I had to have a deeply personal revelation relevant to each of the levels.The others aren't as interesting, but if anyone is interested I can share those too.
I smoke (well, vape) daily and still get visuals very quicky. Your brain's probably just not wired in a way that's very prone to cause this.For me it starts with changes in color saturation and after a while a bit of color shifting as well. Past some point I start seeing things that aren't there because the shape is somewhat similar. If I close my eyes while listening to music I get shapes and colors just moving around to the beat while being transported from one daydream to another.And that's all weed does to me. When the visuals stop I'm pretty much back to full sober.
My biggest visual is seeing smoke that isn't there,  happens rarely. I do get the very saturated color thing sometimes but it's hardly noticeable. 
I used to get closed eye visuals but it's not like tripping or anything lol. 
I actually get pretty strong open eye visuals with just weed. I've never taken psychadelics, but it's likely not the same acid or shroom trip visuals, but I always like to speculate that the visuals might be similar to the very first visuals you see during those trips, not amazingly detailed and not staying for more than a few seconds. The light in the room changes to different colors. The other day the room took on a dreamy blue hue. This morning everything became a shade of pink. Often I see the patterns in my ceiling morphing to form different patterns and images. The movement of my eyelashes can create rainbow streaks that stay seeable for a second or two. I also have a low tolerance, so maybe that's why.
I definitely get closed eye visuals when I'm high enough. Especially right before going to sleep. They're pretty psychedelic too and very noticeable when you close your eyes.  
same
Yeah gunna go pick up some Hawaiian Punch shatter later on today and fix that problem as well
Happens to me all the time, most often with hash... I think it's time for a t break. 
That's funny, the same thing happens to me.  Luckily, in my case it only seems to be temporary,.  The high comes back in a few minutes.
This kid gets it.
I never though it was possible for me to get to a 10 (I cough too much after a few hits from a bong so I could never smoke a lot) until I tried medical grade dabs for the first time. It was terrible and I hated every minute of it. Seconds after my hit the room was spinning so hard I couldn't even focus on my friend sitting there. Felt like I was in a spinning ball just going round and round for four hours. The longest four hours of my life!! 
everybody on this sub throws around the higher numbers in the scale so freely that it doesn't even matter. At least this scale emphasizes you should be thoroughly couch locked by an [8]
Yeah this scale is stoopid.
This one should be 11, because it has sober as 1, not 0
I swear this gets longer every year.
For pansies
10*
I'm learning Esperanto, I remember I got rather drunk recently and I was speaking a weird Esperanto/English hybrid at various points throughout the night. You just reminded me of that, thanks man. 
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Came pretty close the first time I did dabs, only because no one told me it wasn't a regular vape pen
 I thought I died from a heat stroke and was imagining all my friends around me in heaven
Smoke yourself in a circle. I once was nauseous and about to green out and I torched a bowl to the face and felt sober. It was the most bizarre thing.
I always find myself telling myself to Smoke myself sober or to fix that uncomfortable high feeling by smoking more so that, like you said, it balances it out. if your feeling uncomfortable, it usually just means your at that level where your worried about everything and just need to smoke more. 
Yeah I don't get why you would waste weed like that.  Just drink some water, step outside, sit down and chill haha.
Ahh, the Terrence McKenna method. Its better for the wallet and  you never really get any tolerance. 
Psychedelics not hallucinogens 
Yeah I have had this happen as well. It also happens when I go on a long run and my brain releases endorphins and dopamine.Edit: And it is nowhere near comparable to taking acid or mushrooms.
I never made a blanket statement. I said that I have never experienced visuals while using cannabis. However, I have read up on this in the past and found that people who see visuals while using cannabis often have done psychedelics in the past and there could be a correlation there.
I wouldn't compare that to a psychadelic experience.
Explain what you were seeing.
I said I. I never claimed to know how weed effects everyone. Calm down bud.
That's not comparable to a psychedelic experience...
What sort of visuals?
That made no sense...
Try acid and get back to us
Color saturation happens to me as well. But it's not comparable to doing psychedelics. And that could be dust in the air man...
Happens here too usually after boxing on some blunts 
My low tolerance keeps me from doing edibles. Every edible I had has ended up as a horrible experience.Also, yes, but that's how I feel after just 10 hits from good tree lol.
What I find is that I'll think I'm a [7] or [8] and feel like I can't get any higher...but I can still muster enough energy to get off the couch and saunter into the kitchen. Is it possible I'm only [5] and haven't experienced this whole other spectrum of high? I want to say no, but now I want to try and see how far I can take it. [0]
Did you just try and capitalize the first character of a number?
Oh man, fellow beginning Esperantist here. It's simultaneously really cool and really frustrating when you start accidentally mixing languages together because you know them all well.Bona tago, amikon! (I think that's right)
Same thing here, I think when I let myself sink into the couch is when the spins might start/ill begin to green, but if you muster up the strength to prep another bowl your body will be like aw fuck yea, round 2 homie. Or something like that. I feel ya.
it's a survival mechanism. your body is getting repeated doses of an external poison and so is taking steps to deal with the repeated exposure so as to 'cancel it out' and allow you to possibly get to safety or not die from it. tbh idk  ihaf, but it sounds good
Well it was purely accidental hahaha just a real quality reefer party. It was like my 80th toke and it was like the last few hours just vanished needless to say I was very confused.
Yeah it's pretty good. Not sure why I'm being downvoted though lol 
Still not comparable.
>Long runs give you visualsHaha,  nice try. Cardio kills gains
I agree 100%, I have gotten color being more saturated before I did psycs but after psychedelics it seems visuals come easier and I can kinda direct myself there. Its not like a trip though there arent shapes or patterns in your face you gotta look for them. I think the post meant more of the questioning of life part of psycs though
Kinda hard to put into words...it was like a kaleidoscope, but full of random pictures that I don't remember ever seeing.  It was like my visual cortex met my imagination.  Like in the movies when they try to show an amnesiac or brainwashed person remember things.  Or like Neo in The Matrix when they dump data into him.  Maybe I received a transmission lol.
Yeah but saying that you claimed bullshit on the last few steps I think is what seemed to be the blanket statement in this case. Like, all these dudes are using this chart, and you saying that a few levels are bullshit without saying that they're specifically about you is probably what they're talking about, you feel? Even if you didn't mean it that way that's how they see it, and so that's exactly what you meant in their eyes.
Usually stuff that was endless, like endless zooming out into space, or and endless line going in a loop.
it happens a lot, if I'm really blazed I'll think someone is holding a cigarette out of the corner of my eye then when I look the smoke trails go away, probably just floaters I'm thinking are smoke or something
I don't have much experience with edibles. I had a bunch from CO so I knew the dosage but it seemed to give me more of a sleepy high near the end. Smoking is more cheery and energetic for me and makes me social, so I always just do that. Plus I love my routine of rolling my joints 
Nah, eating munchies would pull anyone off the couch ;)
Everybody knows you start sentences with capital numbers.  
moral of the story: keef bowls get u messed up 
Tre bona!Saluton amikan komencanton. Plej bone de fortuno kun via studoj!  :) 
Lolol probably true for everything else besides things that our body produces naturally anyway... like cannabinoids... called endocannabinoids... lol
Its probably the BLAZE IT 24/7/365 BRO! types in here...I mean I do, but I'm no cheerleader about my smoking ability. 
Good thing I like being slim.
Nah I don't agree with the comparison to psychedelics.
I think it's because it's an external cannabinoid your body needs to adjust a bit. 
yes but when you smoke cannabis you aren't just ingesting cannabinoids
I was smoking every day for a while and it just wasn't fun anymore after a while. Cutting back on smoking made being high more fun and more intense haha. 
Nonono, I was just joking lol. You're not convincing me to run and have a healthy cardiovascular system! /s
I mean some people get those affects without having done psychedelics previously. My friend does. Just because you haven't and because you're friends havent doesn't mean that it doesn't happen my dude
Well that and the extreme amounts of it entering your body.
Not ingesting, that's eating. But consuming in some form. Absorbing.
Same. I went almost a month smoking everyday either almost all day if I wasn't working or after work until bed. As much as I love to smoke I just get tired of it after awhile. And I also hate how I can't get to the same level as high or have it last as long. So now I'm on a week break to solve that :D 
Man I'm sick of all the edible consumption elitism on here lately. We need to get back to our roots ENTs, we old-schoolers on that bud absorption!
Right on! I find a week is perfect for lowering tolerance. When you get back to smoking it will be awesome 
Me too a week seems to be a good 'reset' time I've heard two weeks is best but I feel like that's more for heavy smokers and I'm not the type to smoke daily for months on end. One week and I'm like brand new again! Can't wait until Valentine's Day, my first personal bong should be in the mail by Monday too!! Celebrating by myself hahah
Been 14 weeks ;D, one of these days i'm going to get a flowermate V5 and finally sleep well again. 
That's awesome and yeah I feel you there. I'll be celebrating by myself too haha 
also when the meatball is a spicy
or when you see a post with a score of 419 and then you uptoke it to 420
For the people that downvote to keep a post at 420,  have you ever went back and upvoted once it got past 420?
If I ever see it at 420 I down vote it so I can let someone else be able to upvote it again to 420. Just my way of trying to give someone that special feeling
it's way over 420 now, but I can't bring myself to downvote =/
Or when the sun hits that ridge just right
I am currently watching this movie. 
haha omg uptoke 420 im at a [420] LULZ amirite
That's one spicy meme
In for when this hits and stays at 420 upvotes.
It's on 422 so I'm gonna down vote in afraid
I'm a simple man. I upvote this.
 [leet anyone?](http://puu.sh/tZ3fA/a617703098.jpg)
aww, yiss, so good
definitely a great feel
I have definitely done this multiple times, stoned and sober
you a real friENT, friend
thanks <3, have an upvote from me
so beautiful much wow
sweet, are you enjoying it?
truth!!!
uarerite
aww yisssss
Nah dawg just upvote it
What a gENTleman!
Most definitely! Do you enjoy it as well?
superBRO
Now that was a magic trick! You disappeared! 
I wanted him to be casually hitting the bowl again when the smoked cleared! Still, awesome!
I bet this dude is from Ontario
That's dope bro! Mad respect for snapping your bong like that
Dude that shirt is dope af
If that would be me my lungs would be dead
Crazy rip, i thought you were gonna flash the classic high smile when the smoke cleared haha
In on daily Spence cashes a bowl post !
My throat hurts just thinking about trying to take a hit like that. 
for a second, i thought it was badger from breaking bad.
shoulda milked, exhaled, then tried to ghost it all and died in the process. 
Next pool guy. Bong guy?Also if that's a dbz shirt I love you even more. 
holy shit.. i might have to dust off the bong for and fire it up tonight! you have inspired me sir
man ive been a daily smoker for almost 10years now,  still cant rip like that. 
Such a sick bong man, chucks cloud 
there should be a world record for longest time a cameras blinded by fat cloud smoke
Getting high in the garage... a manly place to take a bong rip.
Damn i really wished that you would be gone when the smoke faded.
Shoulda been gone when the smoke rose, woulda been so dope xD nice either way though :)
Jesus fuck, my lungs hurt looking at that.  
That's a bong
That's a badass bong how much does that beast cost?
Bong info? 
nice goku shirt bro :)
Sick rip and sick shirt lol
Is that a DBZ shirt I spy?
sick dragon ball z shirt
such a hero, bro
You should be called Smoku. That was bad.I'll show myself out.
Loving the goku shirt. I'm wearing my goku hoodie at the moment.
!
Awwwwww Yissssssssss
Ya i got pretty good at the whole smoke and mirrors thing
No one did that one better than dad!
Im expecting a big bunch of weed on monday, so maybe youll get a back to back rip gif. Bit low on dank atm and my stuff gets shipped in the mail so it doesnt come on weekends lol
Indeed, what gave it away? Garbage bin?
snapping?
Ayeee thanks bro
Thanks man
Thanks for stoppin in m8
I had to search the comments to be sure I wasn't the only one that saw Badger
I could dig bong guy hahaha, and yep it is indeed a dbz shirt
Haha glad ive inspired someone
I never will lol
Thanks bro
Normally i use a smoke buddy and smoke inside, but people wanted to see the cloud to hahaha
*Sighs* No, it's Marijuana.
Ayeee thanks man
Ya man
Maybe don't mention receiving illicit goods through the mail on a public forum where you show your face...
Sweet :) 
No fuckin' way lmao.I didn't even notice the bin. As someone from Ontario, I just had a feeling haha
I actually have one of those and I live in the us of a
I had a hunch, the garage, recycling bin, plaid lol. Any chances you can do a ghost hit version (hold until the smoke is gone)? Then you would achieve legendary grandad staus
smoking all the weed in one go and pulling the ash through into the ash catcher.
no problem
Sweet man. I bought all of dbz on blu ray and just hit season 9.  More Amazing parts are coming up. 
I have a med card in canada lol
Could be in a legal state. In cali it's legal for weed companies to send cannabis products through the post. I ordered an MBox and it had a bunch of topicals, edibles, and an eighth of flower in it.
oh nice didn't know there was a name for it. I hate when I pull the ash through, they get stuck in my perc
Sounds like an awesome time m8
ayy canadient!! (i could tell from your toque anyway lol)
That allows you to send and/or receive drugs through the post?
If you get an ash catcher it keeps the ash out of your actual bong so you just have to clean the smaller ash catcher rather than the bong with percs if that makes sense. 
Btw its called a snap because when you clear a bowl like that all the ash will come through and make a light snap sound. 
Its how the medical marijuana system works. Not send though.
Yes
Can confirm. Source: Also Canadian, also get weed in the mail.
Yeppers. Legally prescribed medication only to be dispensed by Legal Providers and growers. Like Snoop Dogg (by Tweed) [8]
This is what a 10 should be. Not posting a story on reddit. 
First time I took edibles I was literally begging for it to stop, it was so intense
Barney creeping me out rn
I've been there before but it was with hydrocodone, Xanax, alcohol, and tramadol
This is the feeling for the next (what feels like eternity) when you take LSD with someone you didn't wanna take LSD with 
Yes if you hit a 10 there's no way it's fun.
I never understood why adults  make fun of youth culture. 
Someone at my work asked me if I dab and I was like The marijuana kind. Met several stoners at that job.
Hahaha, kids these days am I right?!? /s 
r/lewronggeneration
The dab originated from smoking IIRC. To dance as if you're coughing into your arm. One dab formed the other. Don't hate people.
Making fun of an illness, a generation, and some silly dance or whatever, and trying to sound cool for it? Get some chill and maybe smoke a bowl...
Feeling superior for no reason and also mocking people with a serious condition, you're a cool guy
Can't wait for this one to die out
r/justneckbeardthings
Someone doesn't understand...
When I was a kid at school, they said just a dab'll do ya. They were talking about glue, but now I wonder
I hate those hats so much, they look so dumb
one of my friends asked on facebook what dabbing is. I responded about number one, he was asking about number two.
In the case it should be quite understandable. Nobodies gonna be doing dabs in a decade but people will still be taking dabs 
Kitchen?
From what I remember, the rapper who popularized it (Migos?) said that's a false claim. It's completely unrelated. 
It's still cringey to me, even if that's what it originated from 
Just like I can't wait for the baby boomers to die out
Not really....
Retail
Migos is a group, not one person. 
I'm just saying, that's exactly how I look when I rip a fat dab. Face in elbow coughing up a lung while I hold the dab rig as far away from me as possible so I don't accidently burn myself. Sometimes it just gets set on the table, though.  
cringe your heart out then
The act isn't cringey, having seen all those awkward white kids try to emulate black culture with no sense of rhythm was the cringe bit
Yeah, really. This shit got old, way too quick, and was the gold rush for Vine addicted 10-year-olds, hungry for senseless humor. I haven't heard anyone over 15 say watch me dab! Without it either being comically ironic, or taking an actual, original dab, as in the shit big boys and girls partake in.
I'd have been surprised if it wasn't one of these two
So is Gnarles Barkley.  Crazy how those things happen right.  Ill never forget the time I realized Creed wasnt a dudes name, but the bands name lol.  Can you take me higher?
Who cares? Are people in this thread really trying to one up teens who dab on social media just because it shares the same name as concentrated THC oil? 
As an elementrary school teacher it's actually nutty how dabbing has become engraved in the culture of kids under 12.  Like kindergarteners who religiously dab whenever anything exciting happens.   It's kind of like their fist bump or hang 10 gesture.  Wouldn't be surprised if it stuck around
Are you really this upset over a stupid dance move? You sound like a grandma in the 60s talking about that devil music rock and roll with the same kind of willingly, proudly blind attitude older people have when they're blatantly wrong on a subject. Dabbing came from hip hop and there's literally over 100 of songs where people over 15 say look at my dab or watch me dab.Also please describe what way too quick means to you. Dabbing wasn't lame until it hit vine and [the crowd of people who always ruin popular black culture trends...you know the ones]. It was cool for almost a full year before all the suburbanites and Hillary found out about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P76OUPL-HF0
I for one, don't care lol I don't do either type of dabbing, I prefer my flower and my truffle shuffle
Its funny because its literally named dab because its supposed to look like youre coughing after taking a fat dab. 
The fact that it shares the same name as actually dabbing is irrelevant to the fact that it's stupid.
[deleted]
Not upset at all honestly just going on about my life making a comment with little effort. Now I'm going to get on with my life making little effort to this conversation, just because I have better things to do than argue about something as pointless as a dance move. Just saying.
Lol
Imagine what the cartels are earning. 
Imagine what they're not earning... in Colorado. 
1 billion less then they were
My cousin is getting married in Bend, can not wait.  From NY so will be my first legal purchases!!
That looks absolutely delicious. Never been to a dispensary but that sounds like a decent price.
ya dats top shelf baby
Had to wipe my glasses, then put some eye drops in my eyes, and lastly rub my eyes to see if the beauty I was seeing was real
Can someone flip this so it's right side up? Would kinda look like a Christmas tree
Ayy that's what I got today!
http://i.imgur.com/gHNuzn9.jpg
Bend is beautiful! Have fun, man
You're gonna have a blast whilst getting blasted by some of oregons finest green hehe
Reality in Maine now. I need seeds.
I think it is already. 
About 15 years ago I grew a few plants in my backyard. Watching them grow is pretty cool. I even got it to flower and produce buds. Considering I was 15 and in a large city in a conservative state, I look back thinking how lucky I was to not be noticed.
im seriously considering moving to a legal state just because im tired of waiting.  only one life to live... 
In my world it is way cooler to grow weed than brew beer.  I've never found a home brew I have really enjoyed, but have had a lot of home growns that I loved. 
My coworker (who is an assistant manager in his department) grows and sells amazing bud (still haven't tried it but hope to buy in the future, other coworkers fucking love his stuff). He's a hard worker, ridiculously smart and knowledgeable about his department and he has the best voice in the world (I want him to do all the announcements in the store). He has a wife and 3 kids, one of them just born, and I wanna say that he's pretty much the coolest dude I've ever met in my entire life and will ever meet in my entire life.
I actually just had my first ever beer from the first batch i made. Sipping on it, smoking a blunt, pretty satisfied right now.
i don't care if it's cool, i just want it to be legal.
Oregon resident here. Basically we are at that level here in my area. I work at a coffee shop and hook all the dispensary homies up, and they constantly tip I'm weed. Everybody's brother is a grower as well as uncles and cousins. It's pretty marijuana friendly.
Why should we sink to their level? I'm not wearing a trenchcoat in the summer and twisting my moustache at the ends for no one :p
Already way cooler. Bitches love plants.
It's not gonna happen with Jeff Sessions as AG. He is the most anti-marijuana AG in decades. Unless the Senate schedules weed as above class V and makes it non criminal on the federal level, every state functioned pot shop will get raided to the point of oblivion. There's just not enough States legalized for overwhelming money flow and sway of old ideals.  
Brewing your own beer is cool?
This is why I bought some relevant domain names!
Actually it's cooler to grow your own weed because there's more of an element of civil disobedience to it, weed is better than beer, and less people do it. This is just my opinion ofc.
I don't but that's because my town is getting swamped with the self righteous beer brewing hipsters.
I'd say homebrewing will always be just a bit cooler than homegrowing, only because the large overhead required to start homebrewing. It also (can) take longer, is more expensive and requires specialized tools and instruments once you get into it.I'm not saying these tools don't exist for growing, but you dont *need* a 500w heat lamp with a webcam tactical rails and a scope, but it sure is nice to have. On the other hand, you kinda do need stuff like a Hydrometer or a bottle capper for homebrewing. But for beginners you can just water it every few days and know when to harvest it. After all, is *is* a weed.
It is in some places. Brewing beer isn't cool in part of the world even.
So not very cool to anybody but you and really pretentious for a fairly awful finished product?
So not cool at all then
so not at all?
I've spent an extensive amount of time doing both. Beer is much harder. Growing pot really isn't all that difficult. There's a reason they call it weed. Beer, on the other hand...
So you want it to not be cool at all and done by old fat guys in their garage and poor quality?Sounds good to me meets fucking do it
As a resident of Portland after a couple summers of legalization, it's been quite lovely smelling cannabis on every street during the summer. Everyone puts a plant or two in their backyard 
I never really thought brewing your own beer was cool.
To paraphrase the great hannibal buress, somethin that seeks cool will never be cool 
I brew beer and it's one of the nerdiest hobbies there is hah.  There's nothing particularly sexy about it - just boil some ingredients together and pour it in a big jar so it can fart in a dark closet for a couple weeks.
Nah too many squares who don't value weed for what it truly is are gonna get into it
It's already way cooler than brewing your own beer.... 
I just want to live in a world where I can smoke a joint walking down the street.
I want to be able to have friends over at my house and be able to smoke them out on my own personalized mircogrow
That's how it is in Colorado. I'll be at countless parties and someone will just say yeah I spent all last weekend trimming or something and start showing pictures of their yield.
Used to know a guy that made his own meth, he was pretty fuckin cool.
wanna check out my micro-dispensary?
This meme would do better without the fedora
So not cool at all?
I've got three strains going right now... Desert Diesel, Amherst Sour Diesel, and Phatt Fruity.  I'm an old guy, and even if I had to stop smoking, I'd probably still grow because it's fun.  I do wish it wasn't illegal, but as a standard generic white professional male, in my own house, and not involved in the trade (never sell, only gift to close friends), I don't stress it much. 
I appreciate the diy spirit of both.
You mean Colorado? 
It's already way cooler brewers are nerds. 
This man is confused. He doesn't understand how detrimental that fedora is to his cool standings. 
It's already way cooler it's just illegal.
Please, everyone I know who brews their own beer is just another grade A beer snob. It's like whatever they got is the best, most dank, fuck your shit up quicker.....Wait, sounds like all the home growers I know too. Don't go the way of the beer snob, be a tad bit *higher*.
Too bad neither is even remotely cool.
Neither really seems cool to me
Which is to say a useless hobby when you can just go buy better stuff for less money at the store
The people who do it in both groups are similarly obnoxious.
Nothing is cool with that hat on.
Brewing beer is cool? I've never heard someone brag about it as if it made them cool.
Cool?
To be honest fuck this post. Microbrewing and growing are unrelated. And if ur in the weed business to be cool, your not about your money or your casual smoking to be honest.
The problem is most people who grow their own weed have dreadlocks and are dirty as fuck trailer trash or are criminals also.
I want to live in a world where first time smokers/posters dont post this shit. 
DUDE WEED LMAO LIKE CHECK OUT DIS BUD AND MY SNOW BOARD WITH STICKERS ON IT BROOOO
i used to brew beer - it's not cool. it's full of middle aged programmers who wear white new balances with docker khakis
Nah I'd rather live in a world where it's just a regular thing that some people do and some don't, you know, like having some cooking herbs in your garden or a tomato plant. Also, brewing your own beer is not really cool in my book, but hey to each his own.
Brewing your own beer is only cool if you don't become that guy who only talks about what he's brewing and different kinds of hops and all that... Same goes for weed too.
Brewing your own beer is cool?
I think it was always cooler.
So not very cool? 
That's going to happen the same time that building computers is as cool and regarded as important as maintaining/fixing/buying cars. 
I legit think the day is coming closer and closer. I mean it's legal in DC for fuck sakes. 
I legitimately don't think it'll ever be. Brewing beer is interesting because brewing is a unique process that is specific to beer, more or less. Lots of people grow plants of all kinds. It's not that interesting that it happens to be weed. 
As an avid home brewer who also distills his own spirits I've always respected gardeners.     It's the act of making/growing whatever you consume that is worthy of respect,  not what you make.  Even if it's not a drug like alcohol or marijuana.  Baking all the bread you eat is another example off the top of my head.    Either way it builds a respect and deeper understanding for the thing you make.    Deeper appreciation  makes for more responsible practice in anything.    It's harder to be a glutton when you know the work it takes to create something. 
I did for 7 years. Now I just go to the weed store 
We'll see with the newly appointed Attorney General Jeff Session. Who has been one of the most out spoken about marijuana and how bad it is
So, not very cool?
This is exactly right. Legal on a federal level. My prediction is that it will be legal in 4 to 8 years. I think Donald Trump will use it as his platform for reelection. **IF** he makes it that far.
Just picked up from a friend who grows and the difference is astounding. The bud smelled incredible it wasn't skunky but had a pungent freshness that stung the nostrils. He told us all his growing methods and how they're completely organic. Defently the best bud I've picked up. 8 ball kush was the strain.
So... generally annoying because most people get too into it?
We're not even close to there in texas
Guy 1: man that was some good weed I can't believe you grew it yourselfGuy 2: yeah it has a secret ingredient, Meth.
There's nothing particularly sexy about it in a conservative state, and there are still lots of new growers here.
Beers can kill...weed saves lives.I still don't get how we don't live in this kind of world.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!&nbsp;******^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though**^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Yeah. People don't realize how much work it is. I mean yeah, it's neat, but it soon loses it luster. Source: I live in Northern California. 
Is there some fad I've missed where brewing your own beer is cool?
This is the dream
Where we here already?
It is here in Washington state.
Brewing your own beer makes you cool? Wouldn't that either make you someone's uncle or a young asshole
Let's get this shit rollin.
It already is but just not legal.
wtf do you live?
I think it is, at least in my world 
My neighbor grows six in his backyard and has a farm outside of town and I think he's cool as fuck. 
Isnt jeff sessions shutting down all legal states?
Have you been to California?
I for one, thought it's been much cooler since always. Maybe it's just because everyone that I know brews their own beer is a loser and the beer sucks.
Welcome to 2017. 
We are, it is just suppressed by the government.
It is...
Growing your own weed is gonna be way more widespread. People already grow a ton of plants, and good weed isn't super hard to grow if you have patience to learn about lighting and soil. Nowadays, you can get really rich soil from your local department store, and lighting is as simple as going to Home Depot and getting a few CFL bulbs of the right intensity and temperature.
I just heard an advertisement on the radio for a hydroponics store this morning! It's coming
It is man. The Emerald Cup is held each year in Northern California. Some of the best weed grown here. They even have a sub-contest for best outdoor grown weed, and a lot of them look AMAZING. Can't beat the abundance of sun here in California. They also have Cannabis Cups in southern California, and other places around California too. And it's all been happening way before we legalized it.
This is my dream, everytime legalization pops up I talk about how cool it will be to grow your own style, or your favorite types.
So Washington?
I dunno about everyone else, but me and my friends would think weeds cooler than beer 
Just takes some time friend we'll get there. 
Went to the dispo today and overheard someone talking about how if he brought his own product in, theyd take a look at it and put it for sale at the dispo
Tbh, brewing your own beer is kind of douchey 
Damn straight
Why would you want it to be less cool? 
I have a new dream!!!
Depending on who you talk to, we are and have been in that world for some time.
Hit me up in 10 years- respectfully from TX. God knows I wish earlier! 
It's COOLER!!!!.......
Maybe in Us, but here in Denmark it still feels like a long way
Depends where you're at and who you know :)
hurry the fuck up australia
Ah Yes, one substance abuse after anorher, what a life. The old alcoholics in town can finally share bench with those stone beyond their senses, progress! At least getting high has less severe long term effects, although I from personal experience k on people who suffered psychotic episodes as a direct result, and those who lost family and work duties to their need to get high. Sadly those harsh realities are as unwelcome here as AA is at a beer drinkers sub... 
when the fuck has growing weed not been cooler? maybe less common, but always way cooler
I do, I'm pretty fucking cool and my weed is fire.
I'm sorry but growing your own weed is infinitely cooler than brewing your own beer. 
My grow gets a lot of attention from my friends when they come over so we might already be there.
I don't know about you but a lot of people thought Al Capone and his gangsters were cool.The same applies for the people who were posting around their weed growing operations with guns.A lot of weed growers were swimming in pussy.Just don't be a pussy and know what you're doing and remember that loose lips sink ships and you'll be the coolest fucker around.
Our new AG might have a different perspective
I love to see people who grow it just so intresting. to see how they grow because everyone grows so differently but yet they follow basic fundamentals for growing weed. Love to see when people start to grow family and make hybrids and just grow towards certain taste, or certain feel. I belive people should grow more and we should just grow and focus on marijuana a little bit more towards the postive such as high CBD strains that help people with problems such as parkinson disease, and other disease that CAN NOT BE CURED, BUT BE TREATED. were a heavy cbd strain can help them.
OG Schrader
Craft (Strange)Brew
My preference would be more respected. Since it doesn't cause the problem that alcohol causes.
It's already as cool.  Just not as legal
I think growing is cooler than brewing.
The fedora makes this photo lmfao
It'll be a long way away I think, mainly because there's arguably more creative control in brewing beer: a master can augment the beer in extremely precise ways during brewing. This makes brewers a sort of culinary artist. Master growers have plenty of control too but they are still at the command of nature and much of growing process is out of anyone's control. They are more of an augmenter of an automatic process.This will change once full scale genetic modification is widely available for cheap.     
Already a thing here in Northern California.
Weed>beer
It's way cooler then brewing. Although it isn't legal in the majority of the US lol.
What about combining the two? Beed? Weer?
I once grew my own weed. Stopped smoking years ago. In fact I actually get paranoid by smoking nowadays. Still want to grow weed. It's really fun actually 
Its been cool for a long time, just not legal. I remember the dealers and growers around me being role models. When I was invited to do yard work for my weed because I wasn't old enough to work, I was ecstatic. 
...back in my day we grew weed just so we had something non-sketchy to smoke.I can already hear myself in 20 something years telling all the young stoners stories about the time that it was illegal.
Congratulations. You live in that world.
You already live in a world where its cooler...
It may even be cooler already,  it's just not as legal.
why is he wearing a hat inside 
Never in that hat though
In the same time where there are places that a 1g could you go to prison? Its a long way to that place that you dream of.. 
Its actually cooler.  Once it's is legal it will lose its coolness
Will sasso wearing a fedora?
Nice fedora. 
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/8ywt1PG.png)I hope you like it
[removed]
Personally I'd say it's way cooler
I work at a grow house with about 4000 plants. A bunch of people have their own grows at home. A lot of people think it cool. 
Nonsense you just mix them together
up in canada it is. still illegal though
That would be cool, BUT, it depresses the price of product, and you know some idiot grower is going to poison some people and ruin it for the rest of the conscientious growers.In any industry that cannot self-regulate, there will be disasters cause by pure greed and plain ole criminal negligence.
Growing your own weed is already cool
beer is king!
So you want growing your own weed to be less cool than it is now? Cause growing is far superior to brewing right this now.
It's cooler imo, brewing your own beer is a hipster douche thing
Growing your own weed is way cooler than brewing your own beer.
Do you not live in today's world cause I'm pretty sure it's fuckin awesome if you grow your own weed like the bunk Indiana jones in this pic?!!!???!!?!??
Then I wouldn't have to pay anywhere from $300 to $400 an ounce!
My county changed its laws this new year. Now if you get caught with at least 3 grams it's most likely 2 years in prison or a fine reaching thousands of euros in a country where people earn 400-500 a month. Paradise :DD
I've been saying this forever. Can't wait till you show up to a dinner party with your home grown much as you would with a nice bottle of wine. Like this is a nice pre dinner weed and then I brought some for socializing on the couch later As a Missouri resident I think I'll have to move before this ever becomes a reality. 
I think it's probably seen as cooler already, considering its quasi legal. Brewers don't have to worry about that element.
That's going to Home Depot and getting a few families that did it.
Wait, I thought it already was..
Is there a way I can grow my plant in an apartment I wouldn't be able for legit lights and stuff...any help out there...
I'd rather weed growing not be associated with douchebag pretentious snobbery.
Pretty sure it's always been cooler.
Give it time man, we are getting there.
They are feminized clown. You just have a shit grow for pure sativa.stop acting like you know so much. 
u do
I think you guys are really overestimating how cool homebrewing is.
At a private school I know of, they had an auction fundraiser and one of the items was making a batch of homebrew (and a sampling bbq). Maybe one day they'll have a space bucket how to. 
Almost as cool as brewing in Portland OR. that is saying a lot because its really cool to brew here.
But brewing your own beer isn't considered cool to the majority of people.
Weed is even better tho. There is a lot of beer to buy out there
I really hope WA will allow recreational growing. I think we're the only legal state where recreational growing is a felony?  Which of course, makes absolutely no sense (aside from the idea that the only reason it's legal here is for that sweet tax revenue).
it's cooler imo
I don't think we need more things to fuel people's superiority complexes. Everyone (obvious hyperbole) who brews beer already thinks they are better than you.
its already way cooler
Even if it is legalized won't companies still drug test for it? It'll still be a hit on you if you pop for it. It sure as hell will get you kicked out of government job especially the military.
I'd say they are equally cool
I want to go to a budtender and get some craft grown buds. 
This is so true.  
Brewing your own beer isn't cool. Have you ever drank a beer someone made themselves? It tastes fucking awful.
God I've seen this guy 1000x!!!KARMAWHORE
I dont think beer brewing is cool in the slightest. #justneckbeardthings
Head over to /r/microgrowery for seedbank listings and grow info!
The number of people in prison right now for something so innocuous and, honestly, beneficial to humanity is insane.Serious greed and corruption is the only thing keeping it illegal in so many places still. People will look back on this time in 50 years like we look at prohibition in the 1920s.
Good day, Maine, from Alaska.   Herbie's is reliable and ships discretely.  Be prepared to pay $10 per feminized seed for the newest, strongest strains.  The products can be phenomenal, but at those prices, it behooves you to practice cloning.
Hmm. If a random address were to appear via PM. A free anonymous postal delivery of quality bagseed could be arranged. 
Just pray Maine doesn't turn into Washington.  Legalization has destroyed the small grower and changed medicalLaws to harm patients...  all for profits.  Medical was a great thing allowing many people to make a small living wage and now it's completely corporatized with millionaires from Seattle paying $10 an hour toProduce shitty moldy weed.
/r/spacebuckets should help get you going too. 
Same in Mass, ya lobster monster
I live in Southern California and I just strted looking into and learning to grow. I bought my seeds from seedsherenow.com and they came in like 5 days.
I'm in Maine too.  If you find something good, post it. 
I came to post this comment. I'm loving it. Can't wait to start growing some myself. I just need some seeds as well. 
R/spacebuckets is a pretty useful subreddit too
I used D.C. Seed exchange shipped to myLegal state and had no issues and nice genetics. Do your research before buying any and figure out what kind of plants they are and which nutrients wrk best.
What area? I might be able to hook you up.
Are microbrewers cool in maine?
If you order from seed banks over seas make sure you have a visa debit/credit card. Most seed banks won't take MasterCard anymore because of some MasterCard policy. 
I live in California and had my first few plants last year. It was so much fun watching it grow and transform, and smoking bud you grew yourself is a really cool feeling. I totally recommend growing to anyone who can do it legally or easily 
A lot of people look at weed growers a losers. Smelly, sweatpants wearing, ass stinking, no shower taking, messed up greasy hair, pile of dishes in the sink, sticky carpet having, losers. Not me though.
It's not. Growing your own weed is *cooler* than making your own beer. 
Unless you live in an illegal state.  Then anything involving weed ruins you for life.
Yeah.  They're both niche hobbies that most people find weird.
Of course *you* think it. You're in /r/trees ...I think OP meant it in a bit more general sense. 
Arguably it was way cooler when it was illegal.  Being forcibly stopped from gardening is not so cool, so of course I'm glad to see legal reforms.  Yet I also believe much respect is owed the growers, importers, and distributors who helped so many millions light up in darker times.
I went to a dispensary today which had exclusive strains from some local growers. 
When government personnel can also legally participate, we will be.  Sadly, they can't yet.  Hubby is Air Force, and even visiting a shop to just look at what they offer without buying anything is a no-no.
In fact I would say it's a lot cooler.
That's because neither of them are cool. No I don't care about your IPA's.
The guy in the picture has a fedora.  Of course he thinks it's cool.*tips m'arijuana*
Tell that to the UK 
>I look back thinking how lucky I was to not be noticed. How lucky *your parents* were!  Some states I'd be worried about losing the house over a plant or two
I was growing a few too until my old lady neighbor came over to my side of the lawn and said @whats that?! repeatedly. I got paranoid and killed them. :(
Backyard grows are more common than you think.  Knew of a few families that did it. 
If you want to move somewhere new then do it, but do it because it's in line with your goals and ambition, not just to smoke weed.  It's not life changing.  You're going to smoke there or in a legal state no matter what.  You just won't go to jail for it on the off chance you're caught.  
I would wait and see what the current administration has in mind before actually moving. They could easily and probably shut it all down in mere days
At least you only need to move states, I'd need to move countries :(
I'm moving to CO myself, in just a few short months. Can't wait. Tired of paying $120 for a quarter of some inferior bud.
You have to do what's right for you and that takes a lot of consideration. I'll tell you that I have many friends who have moved to Washington for this reason and they are living happy lives. There are enough legal states now that I imagine many people can find a place that fits them well that has recreational laws. Just know you'll be welcomed, we support that shit and wish it was everywhere.
Dont come to california 
Aha movin somewhere to get high, flawless
That's pretty sad actually. 
Do it, friend! I said the same thing 6 months ago and I have interviews and an apartment waiting for me there in 5 weeks! You can do anything! Literally anything, you just gotta make the first move. 
well, you've got plenty of options now. Seems pretty doable so long as you've got strong career options. Another thing to consider though is that with the new administration and all there's no telling how much longer it'll be viable in the legal states. Jeff Sessions does not like weed very much (understatement of the year).
What are you waiting for???? 
In my world, everyone who tries to make something they enjoy is super cool! Your beer/bud may not be the best in the world, but it is yours and I think that's the coolest part. Enjoying something you put time and effort into creating. 
I'll say this.. brewing your own beer is ridiculously hard, takes people decades to perfect. Brewing your own mead or something is a lot easier and even if you mess up the outcomes are still tasty. I've never met anyone that has grown before so I might be off but I feel like it's just like taking care of a plant really really well.
It's easy to fuck up a brew, but you can only fuck up a plant out of ignorance 
its crazy, its like growing weed doesnt define who you are as a person
Wow, you kinda described Dwight Schrute's antagonist irl :)
Dude you almost described my manager. Except he refuses to sell because it's too risky, and we never do announcements at our store. I think that's the kind of stoner we all want to be.
Ok?
Sounded like a cool guy until you said he had 3 kids. Selfish stupid fuckin prick that he is. Fuck em. Bring on the downvotes.
Heck yeah man. I bet it feels great knowing that's the product of your own hard work :)
Good for you man. How To Brew by John Palmer is a joy to read. He's an amazing author and an incredibly talented illustrator. 
Like wtf, how is this a front page post
Think of all the microweederies that will pop up... Yes please!
I guess that's where we differ. If people will accept be, I'll twist any amount of hair, facial or otherwise.
I thought they got stitches.  Oh wait -- that's snitches.  Carry on.
I'm going to remain cautiously optimistic at this point.* Sessions is more focused and is more well known for his stance on immigration, and that's why he was chosen.  Sessions is a weapon that the orange-haired man is aiming at his immigration issue.* As much as Sessions would love to go after state's rights legalization, he won't do so without the approval of his boss.  Hopefully Trump will clarify his position on legalization at some point during the next few weeks, but at present we have reason to believe Trump supports state's rights legalization.* If Trump were to target legalization, it has the potential to become a shitstorm.  Public support for legalization is polling reliably at 60% nationwide.  Trump's current approval rating after two weeks on the job is at less than 45%, the lowest starting approval rating in the modern era. If you want to see the definition of shitstorm, you go try telling the Boston townies they do not in fact get to have legal weed.* Like it or not, legalized cannabis is now a part of the economy.  Shuttering businesses could mean the loss of hundreds of millions in revenue, could cause billions in bankruptcies and business losses, and bring on billions in federal lawsuits.* The longer they wait to try to shut us down, the more difficult it will be for them to do so.  Three new states are going to bring their recreational retail cannabis economies online in 2018.  In addition, there are several states currently exploring the idea of legalizing this year or next.
Take a pointer from the emerald triangle. Have multiple/shared grows to lessen the blow if one gets raided. Every other idea I had doesn't work due to the fact no area grows this much. But blending in and not being the biggest operation in the area helps tremendously. Also the basics of no scales, guns, other drugs (not even hash), or large sums of money anywhere near the grow site. The guns one is a little grey if you're in a high theft zone. Probably best not to have em but tell everyone you do have them. Like I said this doesn't work for Joe Schmoe in the midwest. 
[removed]
Ahaha its like your a business or someone with a hobby!!!!!The madness!!!!!r/madlads
I had no idea. TIL
such as?
Sounds hipsterish. 
Lol sure if you want to net shitty 5g from a 3+ month grow. Growing weed is easy, growing GOOD weed is hard
Fuck. Now I have to buy a new light... I didn't realize they came equipped with webcams!
Dude the over head for a decent 2kw grow in hydro is not cheap. At all. 
Saudi Arabia?
[removed]
If you don't understand what dooseyboy is talking about, please refer to Schraderbru.
Aha like this post is lame af, like id give a fuck if my grow op wasnt as popular as a fuckin microbrew, moneys money
Verbatim or nothing.
I like this.
This meme would do better not existing.
never sell, only gift to close friends - got similar principles. plus never buy    and it's incredibly fun indeed :)
Oh yes but some guy talking to me about strains for an hour is amazing =P
White people need to be careful. We can be very unfashionable..
Ahahaha op loves his weeeeed
I suspect you got no idea how much there is to. How sophisticated tricks and ideas are floating around regards growing.    Every plant is unique. Every strain is unique. Every grow room is unique.
I could definitely see this. Although it'd be interesting to see how the Republican Party reacts to being at the forefront of legalization. 
microbrews ad hipsters
Not as a rec user.
I homebrew and brew commercially. I'm not cool, but I'm not an asshole either.
we don't know yet.if anything, it's more of an argument to start growing, since the DEA can raid all the legal dispensaries easy, but finding your grow is hard. the federal government can't force the states to enforce their law, and state law is unlikely to change for the worse. home grows may be the primary source for legal marajuana during the trump years
and that's not mentioning hydroponic grows. my state just needs to legalize growing and we're set
I agree but I'm pretty sure you'd  have to be a PhD in AG science to create anything new while brewers can easily add and subtract flavors and ingredients
How? 
It's not recommended to douche when you have a yeasty condition. 
That's the joke.
And way more lucrative if done right.
Hmm its like make your money or be a temporary fuckin idiot
back in the day, could you grow the seeds that the low quality stuff came with? how was the quality
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lighting is a must. You will have to make ~100$ investment at the very least. And that's excluding air filtering (expect insane aroma during flowering). Check out r/microgrowery
/r/SpaceBuckets is your friend. build one and put it on your closet. it's maybe $2-400 to get started. you'd need to be able to electrically support ~600 W of lights running at most 16 hours/day. growing during the winter could help offset heating costs, though. expect to get maybe a couple of oz per plant per 4-5 months from that setup. you'd need to get a tent and have room for ventilation and 1000 W lights for those massive pound-per-plant harvests.
Dude. what? What's your problem? Calm down amd smoke some herb. Stop acting like you know so much?
Just ask most anyone who homebrews, they think they are the coolest person in the room 9 times out of 10.
> I really hope WA will allow recreational growing. I think we're the only legal state where recreational growing is a felony?growing in any illegal state is a felony, but among the 8 states + DC where recreational is legal, WA is the only one that doesn't allow home growing. even DC allows it and they don't even any any shops!supposedly there's a bill in the state house that would legalize it, but I haven't heard anything about it for a while nowEDIT: it's [House Bill 2629](http://app.leg.wa.gov/billsummary?BillNumber=2629&Year=2015)
as the war on drugs winds down drug testing will likely fade. the tests don't work well for catching any drug other than marijuana and once it's legalized federally  and destigmatized testing will stop for it, if it isn't banned.  I know in some states discrimination against medical marijuana patients is illegal
Thanks a lot!
Not true I think alcohol is more harmful 
At least in my opinion, the real root of the problem is capitalism.Capitalism fuels greed and corruption, and forces the majority of wealth in to the hands of the people at the top of the totem pole.
50 years might be optimistic friend
$10 bucks a seed? Thats is actually pretty cheap compared to shops here in Portland! Thanks Alaska! Question: A really good 8th at Rec prices (so like 25% tax) is about $30 here. What is it in Alaska?
I'll have a look!
Do you think it's possible for me to order seed's in bulk to Quebec, or does the law still restrict that kind of delivery?
C-can I get in on this? 
...It's not profit that's bad. It's govt regulation, in this case taxes and limiting supply. Without govt they'd love to charge $30 an ounce.
Nor cals got the soil if ur growin outdoor
Where are you located?
how long do seeds last? I'm thinking of buying some as an insurance policy against Sessions, but I won't be able to grow them for a long while (2020?)
Midcoast 
They're popping up everywhere. 
Huh, I guess I'm a weed grower. 
people have no idea how much work it is to grow good weed. 
A lot of people look at home beer brewers as losers, so...
That's because a lot of them are scumbags that are only in it for the money. The ounce I picked up today was likely made in someone's basement that's sprayed then with god knows during their growing. That being said, there are growers that grow because they love it and they're normal people that pay taxes and take care of shit :) 
it me
Move to the west coast. Those with real green thumbs are gods here. 
Maybe in non legal states... not at all the case on the west coast.
TIL I'm a weed grower.
Smokers maybe, not growers. I've never had pot but I can tell you from what I've seen there are some green scientists out there.
Haha. If you walked in my home... you would never suspect.
[deleted]
This sounds exactly like someone I know, except for the sticky carpet, he has hardwood floors.
Hmm. You must live in bumfuck nowhere.
Which is a point that I think about from time to time. I think there's a huge branding problem with the cannabis culture. Too many 420, pot leaf hat wearing people that are being represented in the eyes of the law makers. If cannabis culture is made to look like a drug culture, then the perception that it is evil will persist and law makers will be less likely to pass legalization laws. If it is pitched and treated with the same standards as alcohol (legal mind altering substance) with the same responsibilities then I think it becomes accepted into mainstream much faster. All of these subcultural weed references that have been around forever are just really fucking the perception of the flower. I think clean and alternative avenues to consumption (i.e.vaporizing vs combustion) are the key to social acceptance. Make it seem healthy and it doesn't get associated with criminals and dirtbags. 
Hm
Well I don't even have carpet so there!
I'm sorry, but have you met someone with this opinion of growers. Just seems harsh
I brew beer and always thought that's what people thought of homebrewers as well.
It sounds like you're describing one of the bad guys in toy story
>Smelly, sweatpants wearing, ass stinking, no shower taking, messed up greasy hair, pile of dishes in the sink, sticky carpet having, losers. a.k.a. dank
This is called a wook not a grower
Have you met people who think that? Or is this some fabrication of your imagination? 
Stop peeping through my window pervert!
What're you talking about, I don't grow weed. 
thats weed smokers, not growers
True, but I think legalization will fix that. Bring the hobby out of the shadows, maybe even establish public houses for smoking. Let the cool, articulate, productive smokers come out of the closet so we associate marijuana with more than the 420 culture.
no one thinks either of them are weird
They are the reason people want reform, they have kept the desire to have this plant alive.
You're 100% correct, but that sentence sounds so bizarre. Losing the house over a plant or two...
Exactly! Let's hope OP is right :)
RIP old lady
Savage.
Japanese maple
This phenomena bottle my mind all the time. Trying to smoke low key/secretly out of respect for those around me. Oblivious old lady notices something? Now old happy face has to come over and make my business her business. I'll never understand why others are so intrigued to press their perception of reality onto others. I really have to work on this when smoking in the open because all strangers could be considered enemies, because you have no idea if their opinion about you will be positive or negative. 
She just wanted to make sure you paid your dues man. 
r/nocontext
Jail is a pretty big IF for people with careersEdit: But I do agree with you
Forgive me for intruding from /r/all, but I'd probably smoke if it was legal.  I don't now because it isn't legal.
uh... ive been to jail 3 times for weedi have a good career now, and yeah i can get it easily, but i am tired of going to some dude that i never otherwise hang out with to get it.  i very much just want to go to a store and buy it. 
I honestly don't expect them too, but on the other hand sessions *was* confirmed.
I think we've been lead to believe that. Way too much investment in the industry already.E: grammar
Even if they shut down the stores, they can't force states to make it illegal.
unlikely.  trump likes money, and this would be billions he would be taking out of the economy. then again, deporting cheap labor is also taking money out of the economy....
That's untrue and unfounded. The old Alabama governor, Jeff Sessions, that was just appointed by the cheeto openly said he's against going after states like CO. There's an NPR article of it but I'm on mobile. It also said it would take so long in court that it's take longer than one or two terms for it to take effect and it would essentially run out of steam. Stop being so pessimistic. 
Then you'll get to overpay for housing! 
it never rains in southern california
finding work is easy for me, i have a career in high demand with low supply... its more of wanting to stay in the mid west.  i like it here... but if wisconsin isnt going to legalize anytime soon than its just not smart to stay. 
sessions can go fuck himself, and i really hope they squash it with an executive order in the middle of the night and raid a ton of businesses without notice.  it will cause an uproar this country hasnt seen in decades and likely be the last stand the people have with trump. 
because if everyone does it then there wont be federal legalization, and quite possibly they will squash the few states that have it legal.  its better to stay and fight... i just know my parents waited their whole lives and it never happened. 
r/wholesomememes
Just don't be *that guy* who thinks his home brew/grow is *the best*. We'll give you credit for making/growing it yourself, but don't pretend it's the greatest thing ever. We all know it isn't.
GASP!
Honestly, I thought he was super cool before I learned that he grew his own bud. It was just an extension of his coolness and the fact that he has such a loving family and he's an amazing dad. I was one of those religious freaks who thought marijuana was the devil so working at my current store (where literally 75 percent of the people smoke weed) is an eye opening experience. Also getting high is pretty great now.
Like or smoking weed even
why? are you implying that they are exposing ther kids to it?
Its like how the fuck did op get 6k votes
Sessions wants the laws followed. When you think about it, it is strange govt is picking and choosing which laws to enforce: immigration, drugs, etc. All laws should be enforced *or* refactored. Sessions even says his stance on issues doesn't matter! He says he will uphold the law. The constitution meant for states to decide things like drug laws.Trump has said: leave it to the states.
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
420420blaizitz420bluntz.biz
Can't tell you because a whois search reveals name and address as I can't afford privacy protection right now. :(
To prevent trolling, accounts with less than zero comment karma cannot post in /r/trees. You can build karma by posting quality submissions and comments on other subreddits. Please do not ask the moderators to approve your post, as there are no exceptions to this rule, plus you may be ignored. To learn more about karma and how reddit works, visit https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq.*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/trees) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I agree, and so is literally every plant. Every plant, period, is unique. Gardening is a thing and has been around for a long time. Pot is just another plant in the catalogue. Most people agree brewing beer is cooler than gardening, despite the fact that gardening is kinda cool. 
Looks good to me. First, Trump is a businessman and not a politician at all. Second with Canada set to legalize in 2017 America would stand to lose out on a lot of money.
Why hydroponic when you can soil? I prefer organic over hydroponic weed, any day. Organic weed is the best weed.
brb becoming Dr. cannabis PhD
Could it be done on a balcony maybe but it's pretty shit weather 
Alcohol may be more harmful than marijuana, but alcohol prohibition was still a dumb move. If anything it actually increased alcohol consumption. I'm fairly sure people will see marijuana prohibition the same way at some point in the future, it's a stupid waste of resources.
And racism, don't forget about the racism. (Although it goes hand-in-hand with capitalism)Also, remember to never smoke with a Latino because we apparently turn into rapist monsters when we smoke *marihuana*.
We need [**FULLY BAKED LUXURY GAY ENT COMMUNISM**](/intensifies)
Yes lets adopt communism and follow the lead of The Soviet Union and North Korea.
Well, the first few stores have just opened in the past two months.  There are also only a few cultivators at this point in time.  Everything is just beginning.  So there's hardly any legal weed available, and it's super expensive.  Things should be a little better by this summer...just in time for tourist season.  So there's really not going to be a price drop until fall.There are still a lot of license applications that are at various stages in the process. The Marijuana Control Board has been taking its sweet, sweet time.  AK is a conservative state, and there are still lots of folks in the opposition camp that would do anything to delay or stop implementation.Right now you can buy a legal gram for $20.  So, it's really only worth it to be a part of history & try to support your local businesses.  We've  been legal for two years now, so there are lots of new growers here.  Lots of Northern  Lights and of course Thunderfuck.
25% tax?! Jesus.
Tax should be 20% in Oregon. Did Portland vote in additional taxes? 
If it's illegal the proper answer is don't do it but as part of the irresponsible internet... do it
I have tons too. My last crop hermied around week 6 or 7. I have roughly 1000 seeds from that but you don't want those. Thats my apocalypse stash. I just got a few seeds from what was supposedly purple haze and some random shit from years of collecting.
It's also governments complete destruction of the medical community and harsh penalties enforced on medical patients after 10 years of leniency on med patients....  trust me I was a part of this for 6 years and had a wonderful life until government destroyed it all.
Hell yea it does. It's called the Emerald Triangle. I'm growing indoor though, unfortunately, since I'm in a residential area and I don't trust any of my neighbors trying to steal my plants. Aha.
York County
You'll be able to find seeds in 2020, I would wait as there's a better chance they won't work as well if you wait 4 years
me_irl
TIL
Do you smell like goat cheese?
But with less money :(
But I don't think you are I think your great!
Huh, I guess I'm a lot of people.
I would be fine growing okay weed without being arrested for it.
They will soon!
It's actually pretty simple
True. I went to a growery when I visited Colorado.. I thought the flowering time was how long it took the weed to go from seed to bud... Nope. About an extra month(?) before it even begins to flower. Since then I found out about growing refrigerators that let you control the sunlight and even let you watch the plant.. I'll see if I can find one. Link to a website... They're pretty costly though and IIRC bud can grow really tall so it might not be enough https://www.getleaf.co
As a former brewer it's more that you end up being much more passionate and adventurous than the people who drink your beer, and that ends up sapping the joy out of it. My wife loved it when I just made kit cerveza, but for me that got old quickly. So you start pushing boundaries. Eventually you end up being that guy who always going on about it in conversations, and you make weird stuff that no one likes. At parties people start avoiding bringing it up, and they'll just bring a six pack of some macro.Eventually you start to feel unappreciated and start to think you're wasting your weekends cleaning fermenters, kegs, stills and bottles. So you find a decent microbrew and drink that instead. (Note: I know my stuff wasnt always perfect. I had a bad habit of including too many tails in vodka. Beer was usually good though because I had a  temperature control setup, bought good yeast, and had a CO2 keg setup; but I liked going overboard with hallertau hops.)
I hate shot growers. I grow one plant at a time, organic, with love, Mr. Miyagi style.
Mario?
I live in the west coast. They are not. 
Do you always have a crushed pack of cigarettes with only two smokes left in it at all times?
I think they're both weird
Only the friends getting free weed and beer don't think you're weird.
At least he still has his plants. 
Ah, the ol' Reddit [lady-roo](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5t7n09/comment/ddlh7pq?st=IZ1C93X4&sh=f5ca4ec9) Edit: sorry I got lazy
Haha, the plants, not the neighbors. Definitely considered it though. ;)
Gotta pay the troll toll.
But you will get drug tested in legal states still?
What sucks is even though it's legal you can still get fired for having it in your system. So it's still not that legal.
Didn't trump say he was cool with pot legalization? 
I agree. In CO alone, over $1B was spent on recreational in 2016. There's no way any legal state is gonna sit back and let the Feds roll over them.
If Americans had the jobs that illegal immigrants currently have, which those immigrants are most likely sending the money they make back to their families at their original home, wouldn't that not only be better for Americans, but also the American economy? 
i want to believe all that, but the fact that i want to makes me very wary of actually believing it.i would love to be wrong on this, it would be like a brand new fantasy land of possibility.
Ha! Cost of living higher than directly in the center of the oilfield in West Texas? Not only do I doubt that, I know it isn't true. Have a friend who lives in Pueblo, pays the same for a 3 bedroom in a gated community that I pay for a trailer house in the middle of nowhere.
Lmfao, it's been oddly pouring for the last month.
Cool?
Best thing to happen on reddit in awhile.
Unless it is though.
In illegal places it really might be the best around.
The harshest critic of something one makes is often the creator.
Trump has also said he wants to revitalize the war on drugs. He was the quantum candidate and he's the quantum President. He hold all sides on issues until he acts on something. 
But I own 4-5 highly relevant domain names.
Alcohol consumption during the prohibition was actually halfed and was at 60-70% of pre-prohibition consumption shortly before the law was repealed.
That brings me to the question - once Weed is legalized everywhere, what would happen if it got illegalized again? Would it cause more problems than the alcohol prohibition? Or less?I'd love to know but I don't want to find out by trying.
Not true at all. But from my experience you always have reggie or mids. Thats in Ohio and Indiana though.
While you may be upset, people can totally be racists right, but capatalism is one of the only systems that is nearly 100% inclusive, because through denying buisness to a certain race or ethnicity, you loose the purchasing power of that customer, therefore buisness is incentivized to accept all buisness that is worth its time.      If your complaint is that employers simply wont look the same at a latino as they would say a white guy, consider that if you and I go into the same job interview and they figure I will make them 150,000$ a year and only cost them 80,000$ they will be increasing their net profit by 70,000$. However when you go in you are assesed at 350,000$ a year and will cost them 120,000$ making them 230,000$ a year. Because of the incentive to maximize profit, they would be out competed if they turned you down. Captalism is not evil, and doesnt favor any group, but favors exceptional individuals. 
I didnt suggest communism... but I also wouldnt consider communist dictatorship the same thing as communism
It's 37% in others states, I've heard. 17-20% in Oregon based on whether or not your city voted in the additional tax. 25% isn't horrible. 
Unclear, it is what is on my receipt the last time I went to a shop (been about 2 months)
Portland did vote in the extra tax.  That brings it to 20%.  If the local community hasn't voted in extra tax, the tax should be 17%.   
Hahaha would that count as a form of trafficking for it to go from alaska to canada? 
Dinosaur eggs from hermes are feminized. Check your sources please
me_irl might be a good name for a strain
And even worse, less weed. 
i said it was a lot of work, not that it was complicated 
Setting up is the hardest part. But there are growshops here in the Netherlands, making it easier with all the things you need for the best results. 
Make it for yourself, not for other peopleIf there's one thing that life taught me, other people can really suck
Problem with being friends with a Homebrewer is that half the stuff that comes out of their production line isn't that great. I'm not saying this to knock my homebrew friends, it's just that brewing is a real art and as people branch out and experiment some weird stuff comes off.Had a buddy who had an imperial Stout that was Solid. Like, it was fantastic every time. But everything else he made was.... not nearly as solid.
I hope to have 4 going one for every season ya know what I mean?
I guess you've just got to live in a better place!
lets get weird together
You can't just say that and not provide a link! That's not how it works!
Hold my newfound paranoia, I'm going in!
HOLD MY BLUNT, I'M GOING IN
Most big corporations do still drug test you and can fire you for breaking company policy. However, there is a bill right now in the Oregon legislature that would make that rule illegal.
66% still test in Colorado. Lot of them use federal drug screens so it would be a fail.
Work at jobs that don't drug test.. 
I believe he wants to leave it up to the states. So it'll stay how it is now most likely 
no because those americans working minimum wage would be on welfare
Well yes, in that case I'll give credit where credit is due.
because they've stared at it for years on end, and you have for 10 seconds 
If I can guess your real name will you tell us the domains?
I'm not sure those stats are wholly accurate. Figuring out drinking rates when there was no official reporting of production or consumption isn't easy: http://www.druglibrary.org/prohibitionresults.htm 
That's not the important part. Outside of local ward bosses organized crime effectively didn't exist in America before prohibition.
Weed was legal till the 1930s and I'd say marijuana use has probably skyrocketed since then 
Reggie?
I'd take 37% over it being illegal 
Gotcha. 2 months ago it very well could have been 25%. It changed between Oct 1st and Jan 1st based on which shop had which license (OLCC vs OHA) but now all rec shops must be OLCC. 
So did Astoria. I'm glad tho since the extra stays in the city. 
Probably since you're crossing a national border and all
I don't need to check my sources. Those seeds will be female and highly susceptible to being hermies themselves. To femenize a strain you have to start with stable genetics. I was using some bagseed at the time. You spray the plant with colloidal silver a few weeks into flowering until it hermies. Those seeds will be femenized properly. Not through genetics. Don't try to educate me on a topic I'm well educated in. 
Make it 100% indica.
The beautiful part is.. I can be if you want it to be.
Exactly. With so much information and product support, it's a breeze. Scaling up while maintaining quality, not so much.
My experience with homebrewing was that you generally make way too much beer to drink by yourself. It could be done but I found drinking ~5 gallons of the same beer in a row gets really boring so you brew up another batch and then another and pretty soon you have like 200 bottles of beer sitting around if you don't share with friends.
This. If it's something you deeply enjoy, don't let other people's lack of interest deter you.
My experience is to find something you love to make, and make it for yourself.  I have one beer that I make all the time, because I love how it tastes.  I mess with it occasionally, but it's still the same old beer.  Friends who used to be wary of homebrew (which is fair enough, a lot of homebrew is shit) love to drink mine off the tap because they know it's the one beer I will make over, and over, and over again. As for the missus, if you have space, put a second tap on with something for her.  I make a basic ginger beer that my missus likes.  Keeps her happy, keeps non beer drinkers happy when they visit, and sometimes it's a nice change. 
Totally unrelated, but the wording of this is interesting to me. It sounds as if you are narrating from the afterlife, as if life is finished teaching you things. Just a simple has between life and taught changes it just enough:If there's one thing that life has taught me, other people can really suck.Words are weird.
I'm sorry, I fixed it :/
But my question is, what if you have a prescription? Can they still fire you for medical?
There still isn't a good test for this. Does the new bill include approved testing methods?
That's what I've heard from him too....but I've heard a lot of things he's said and gone back on, so. 
He did say that, but sessions also believes federal law should be enforced..
If you are smart enough to figure out my real name, address and the color of my cat then you are smarter than your average bear and can probably figure out my domains on your own.
Yeah, although I guess that weed wasn't as popular as illegal alcohol at that time.What I'm wondering is - if weed was the drug to be prohibited, would there be as many crime around it as there was around alcohol? Would it be more of a crime thing to buy weed or would people just start to grow their own weed illegally (since it's a lot easier than making booze)?I have a friend who studied something involving such topics, I'll ask him...
Low quality seedy brickweed. Almost always from Mexico. 
Thats actually why I stopped going. I found so much flower around town through mutual friends i just ended up buy ing close to a QP of various strains and havent moved my through it yet.
Figured :/ ah well, i dont need to order online i can find some local :)
* drops mic *
Make it 99% pure 
If you want to get the best weed out, you should
People have no idea how much work it is even to deal with trimmings of a few lb's.
My buddy does it and just has a party when he has 2 kegs. It's always gone after the party. But now he is opening a microbrewery.
God I love ginger beer. Gonna go pick up some Reed's now
Hahaha. All good my dude.
No but they could still try. Then you have to fight it or at least threaten to fight it. Better to just not work at somewhere that tests if you can but i understand thats not always an option. 
I was looking at the Denver Firefighter application PDF a few minutes ago. They specifically state that it's illegal on a federal level and even as medicine, it is not allowed. 
in CO yep.  http://www.denverpost.com/2015/06/15/colorado-supreme-court-employers-can-fire-for-off-duty-pot-use/
Good thing the AG answers to the President.
>If you are smart enough to figure out my real name, address and the color of my cat then you are smarter than your average bear and can probably figure out my domains on your own. Jizz B McGeereddit.com/u/JizzBombMcGee...grey 
Yea but what domains though? Just for the luls
Around here that's Schwag lol
Call me High-zenberg 
Check out my post history. One day I hope to run drip timer in coco, then dwc.
It's not bad with a few friends to help.
I wish I could tell you! So someone would buy em from me for exorbitant prices.
I'm flying high on Walter White right now. [8]
Hey, jizzbombmcgee. It's me, your son. I'm in prison right now and I need you to bail me out before we lose the opportunity! All I need is the domain names and the state will set me free again. Please help me. 
Welcome to a life of endless bills! Life's good when it's your own though. 
Nice balisong ;)
Welcome home!
It is expensive but so SO worth it. Congrats!
Is it bad I noticed the sexy, beautiful color of the nails first?
Seen this. Its so wholesome.
This is pure
I shat you not, I turned this on to torment my wife while at an 8 and ended up watching it instead. 
wholesome, lmao
I love Kief! 
Kief is glorious! 
That is one cool cat.
I love him, he's beautiful!! 
a beautiful lil homie for sure, also that tie is bangin
Upvotes for kitty!
I love it. I like seeing snippets of other people's high times and lives. 
I see some M50s :) Great choice.
That's a really good photograph right there.
Maybe you should get outside more?
This dude down the road deals and for some fudging reason he says On my way and doesn't show up for 2-3 hours like bro you're my neighbor wya
Two hours later: I'm bout to leave the house.
I got one for ya. Friend gives me # for dealer who sells 1/8ths for 40. Usually get em for 45 or 50. Text the guy asking for it blah blah blah. I send him my address since he said he'll deliver. Dude seems really cool at this point. Only red flag is that he takes literally fucking forever to text back. So I sent him my address around 7pm and I am completely out of bud, the dude who sells for 45 is out and I would rather pay 40 than 50. He didn't text me back for a while so I texted him asking how far he was. I kid you not when this mf tells me that he is in another fucking city trying to get bud. I'm like well it's not that late and he said he'll get it to me(I'm pretty chill and I don't like rushing people too much). It's like 11pm when I decided to text him again. No reply. Went to bed and the very next day I try to get from him again pretty early too like 10am. I get a text back at 5pm saying he was driving to the city to get more bud. I said fuck it and spent the 50. Friend was like Oh he's just like that and I told my friend that he and the dealer can fuck off.
Clenched Arthur hand angry is an extremely angry and irrational level of angry.
You could always be proactive and fake that you got time pressing plans and that you can just pop over on your way out.
Bruh how'd you find out your neighbor smoked initially like I'm curious man
It's like we have the same dude man 
I have a neighbor to one of my grandmas houses and my aunt went over one day and said some silly joke about how she thought they had a pet skunk. Then she got their number and I got it from her.
The worst part about it was when my dealer that sells for 45 texted me like 2 hours after I spent the 50.
Honestly, I've been smoking weed for years and I would rather pay 5 more bucks for convience rather wait 2 hours in a walmart parking lot after getting the 10 min out text an hour ago.  
I got higher just watching this
I use more water, that looks like that would be dry
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/TNhgdsu.gifv)---_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
I'm have the weirdest boner right now 
My buddy has the exact same bong. The OG bowl broke for it though.
weedstar?
Helix beaker? 
Nah, it was a perfectly smooth hit. The water makes it look like the downstem is higher than it actually is. I believe it's called refraction but I'm also a solid [8] right now haha 
Sounds about right 
Youre right that is light refraction
That's so sad. I weed does nothing but good for the world, why does everyone hate it so much? What did weed ever do to you other than make you happy? (7)
All of the actually dangerous aspects of cannabis use are direct results of prohibition itself.  
This affects black and brown people at disproportionately higher rates as well. :(
it'd be more accurate if he was black, not trying to be an asshole, just stating out a fact
Marijuana won't destroy your life, but marijuana prohibition will.
i feel like political cartoons like this will just go right over the heads of the anti marijuana people. i bet some of them wouldn't get it and actually think the artist was trying to say that marijuana ruins your life. fucking dumb jerks
this is  most feels i felt  in a long time on r/trees .  this hits home so hard . i was convicted over 5 years ago of a felony possession ,and still cant get a job. this country is fucked  but yet someone with dui's can get a job no problem SeemsLegit .  we need a full reform on modern marijuana laws ,just so it can get up-to-date .
I agree with the overall message here but, tangentially, the prison rape joke has to be almost done, right? We can't think that passively referencing it as if it's 1) common and 2) somewhat accepted is kosher anymore.
the first time i ever actually felt high one of the first things out of my mouth was: WTF why would anyone keep this illegal???
[deleted]
that employer has a gonzo nose.
This makes me so mad. 
Accurate as fuck 
Just found out I didn't get into my dream college because of a possession charge.  I feel this shit yo
Prohibition is the biggest multi faceted conspiracy ever pulled on human beings. 
Getting caught smoking pot is the only dangerous thing about it.
They make money off of prisoners, so it makes sense for them to put people's lives left behind just so corrections corporations of america gets that extra dough. Fascist USA 
Hey guys/gals, this is your local r/trees voter dropping in to say GET THE FUCK OUT AND VOTE. 
People can get jobs after they went to jail.
[deleted]
Yeah I hate the illegality of weed as much as the next guy, but breaking the law is just not very smart. I feel no pity for those who end up in jail because of recreational weed usage, it's their own fault for taking the risk. Weed shouldn't be so important that you break the law for it.
It bothers me how marijuana is illegal, but no big deal about cigarettes. They just cause cancer no big deal.
My theory is the negativity associated with weed is from people who had Trippy panic attacks and just weren't open minded enough to accept that it's not for them but others can enjoy it. Then of course it got tied to race and all that jazz but I mean at the very beginning someone probably had a bad trip and was like fuck I'm gonna make this shit illegal hahaha
I know right? Luckily it's becoming more and more accepted as a medicine with positive uses
I mean, it's quite cliche but we really have been *lied to for our entire lives*. The whole thing is one big sham/scam run by the government/DEA.I may only just be the beginning but we're finally seeing a changing of the tides with these millenial generations. Hopefully we'll be in the clear in the next 40-50 years or so. 
It can make you nervous but like so does war, and people can be pretty for that
It mitigates state programming. 
There's a good video on this by ~~that animated German science~~ Kurzgesagt- In a nutshell YouTube channel.
....I ...never mind 
Yeah because his friend doesn't get busted
well, marijuana Prohibition was intended as a racist policy, and African-Americans are more likely to get arrested for possession, even though they use somewhat less than white poeple
It's killed more people too
Yeah anti weed folks would look at this and think well, you shouldn't have been smoking in the first place, serves them right it's bullshit 
I'm sorry to hear that my fellow ent. I had a cousin that did 5 years for 2 grams. He now owns his own medical farm in cali. 
The first time I go really baked the room was spinning. I was with my friends older brother and his friends. They made it their goal to get me ripped. That was my first time hitting a steam roller and a bong. They applauded that I didn't cough hitting the bong and my friends brother did. The room was spinning after that. I even remember the strain. It was purple just when that was the station everyone wanted. 
Lol I'd love for you to try it so they can rid the world of you
Has never been to jail, nor has a record 
In the US, most places do background checks
Yeah that's not really the point of this cartoon.  There are plenty of ways to get caught, this one was probably the easiest/most straightforward to illustrate. If you skip past the first panel, the rest of the comic is really where the message is
Thomas Jefferson: When a law is unjust then man is not only Right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so.
What the fuck are you saying lmao
There's more important things then the law mate.
Laws are not infallible godly rules. Do you not feel sorry for North-Koreans fleeing their country? When they get tortured and executed it must be their fault for breaking the law.Doing what you wish with your own body is a human right as far as im concerned. It disgusts me the way society tries to control its citizens like this.
It is our duty as citizens to challenge unjust laws
GTFO
Then stop speeding. Don't fuck your wife on a Tuesday with high heels on don't park your horse on the left side of the street.It's called civil disobedience against unjust laws 
It bothers me that people are just tired of this argument now because it obviously makes sense but nothing is going to happen about it.
$$$$$$
Social security, man. Cigarettes kill you, so you either can't collect or can't collect  for long... 
Weed is a couple times more tarry than tobacco iirc(tar keeps carcinogens around), and tobacco would probably be illegal of so many people weren't addicted to them. Just my $.02, disputing the weed is better for you than cigs argument. Only thing they're better for is the lack of addictive nicotine. However saying this, I smoke cigs and am at a [7] right meow
> people who had Trippy panic attackswhich should be less common now that there are alternatives to the ditch weed that most people bought from dealers. I suspect that supply lines in illegal states are shifting to use legal sources in legal states. this means that people are probably smoking better stuff nowadays>Then of course it got tied to race and all that jazz but I mean at the very beginning someone probably had a bad trip and was like fuck I'm gonna make this shit illegal hahahano, it was abut race from day 1.
I got high a little bit ago, and all I've been doing is chilling on the couch listening to some zen music. I havent even killed anyone yet.
I hope it becomes medical in Texas soon. I've been reading articles about how there is a good chance in the next year or two. It also would help stop the cartels bringing over Mexican doo doo weed.
I'm gonna save this so I don't blow my brains out in the next decade or so
Link me plzzz
It seems racist because the cause is, but the statistic/anecdote itself has no opinion on race.
exactly
can confirmsource: former anti weed person. Really is silly to make such drastic assumptions while having zero experience with that which you are talking about. 
i still have time over my head :(.  got caught with 20 something plants  , 3 lbs of dried herb, and like 10k in glass ( at the time). im more pissed about my tubes , had an arik krunk and some other rare tubes  was a FeelsBadMan . 
[deleted]
He was probably joking
It's unbelievable how clueless this community is
[deleted]
I'm saying if you break the law you shouldn't be surprised you end up in jail... It's a bad situation, but there's a smart and a stupid way to deal with it.
Than*
Thank you!
Good point there, solid argument. You know you could also just move to where it's legal if it's really so important. You are not forced to break the law if you want to smoke. If something like in the comic happens to someone in real life, that person is fucking stupid and needs to get their priorities straight.
Exactly! People still try to tell me it costs them more money having people smoke...Also Big Tobacco lobbying helps too.
I mean, there are also a bunch of chemicals added to tobacco...
Do you smoke a joint for every cigarette you smoke? The buzz of cigarettes goes away much quicker than the high of marijuana, so most people smoke weed MUCH less. 
I hate when people talk out of their ass about weed just because they smoke it. There's been numerous studies proving your claims wrong and spouting uneducated bullshit just further hurts the legalization cause.
You hear about pack a day cig smokers, very rarely do people smoke the same amount of pot
According to the DEA, marijuana causes delinquent behavior, so it won't be long before you're cooking a baby
I havent even killed anyone yet.
Yet 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJUXLqNHCaI
lets hope that the states with legalization will lead to more exposure to it.
Holy shit. What do you mean by time over your head?That's a big bust. I had a friend that had been growing in is backyard (trust me I thought this was dumb when he told me) and saw a police office on the opposite side of the fence taking pictures of his plants. He went out front and the cops saw him peeking out and came to the from door and arrested him. I have another friend that had a peyote pillar, and the dam Feds smashed it. I was sad that day.
I just looked up the arik krunk. That's a nice peace.
lol u one of those crazies
people make it out like they aren't doing anything wrong because they aren't, regardless of what the law says if you put it into perspective all your doing is smoking a plant, you aren't hurting anyone and not effecting anyone's life period so what exactly are they doing wrong?
Well yeah but that shouldn't stop people from breaking the law. If in illegal places nobody smoked weed then we wouldn't have legal places. 
....because it's really easy to move overseas to the US, get a greencard, find work, move your entire life at an exorbitant cost.... just to smoke weed legally. Dude, how high are you right now?
It's not hard to not get caught by police. It's just a comic about how ridiculous are laws are. How bout you gtfo
I like how you target him saying solid argument yet you ignore all the other comments that actually are solid arguments 
Hell ya dude... All about that paper. And I ain't talking rolling paper. 
Smoke American Spirits. It's like paying extra for good uncut bud
Not if you buy the tobacco without added chemicals.
That's a very solid point
This is true ill smoke cigs during breaks at work, maybe 3 or 4 a day. But if i smoke a bowl ill be good all night 
What are some points then on how it's so bad for you? I realize it produces more tar but other than that there aren't many side affects. Obviously anything you put in your lungs isn't good for you.
I CAN FLY!!!!!! Hahaha reefer madness.
they arebut our new POTUS and his cabinet aren't in favor. 
like if i get caught w/ herb again i go to jail for 6months . also if i get caught growing within10 years from conviction , i go for 5 years.  i wanted to fight my charges  this year ,bc it had been 5 years but can't bc i still have time over my head 
[deleted]
Is it really though? Like if I wanted nicotine cigarettes without all toxins in it what brand would you say? 
How what's so bad for you? Weed? It isn't, that was my point lol. Sorry, I must've worded that poorly. Yes, it's smoke entering your lungs but the effects of marijuana smoke and tobacco are very different.
man you repeated yourself 3 times already quit trying to argue about shit
Well you could try American Spirits.
You're good man. I was just confused on the wording. I totally agree with you on that. It's still not good though to be putting smoke in your lungs. That's all I'm saying. Cigarettes are awful for your lungs with all the chemicals that are in it. Also dabs. Dabs are bad for your lungs go sho. I had to stop Sabin so much because I started to have a accumulating of mucus. After I stoped with the wax it got better. It wasn't from poor quality either.
Lmao I will actually thank you
