Damn man that's cool that news do these investigations. It's a shame that major news networks don't bother with this stuff and just spout the same bullshit over and over again
so if this was done in 2011 what was the final outcome? what ever happened to them?
Seems like this is a problem caused by there being too many tow trucks. They have special licenses eh? Maybe time to stop granting new tow licenses, and revoke them from offenders.
Wow. This is enraging.
This is what journalism used to look like. 
Well looks like the law can't do shit. A small fine for literally sniping people vehicles and not following the law. Looks like citizens should take the law into our own hands. 
I started shaking my head when they said the towing scam guy parked in a handicap spot. Like wow.
I had something similar happen to me once. I was parked next to a handicapped spot at my old apartment and got towed. I know for a fact that the spot I was in was not a handicapped spot because 1) I've never parked in a handicapped spot and 2) this was a coveted spot and I was pretty stoked to have found it open. When I called the towing company they said I was in the handicapped spot and was towed as a result. Bull fucking shit. Fortunately, in my state towing companies cannot legally hold your car hostage and I called the police non-emergency number to get advice. They hooked me up with a dective who advised me of this fact and gave me his contact info in case there was trouble. I promptly went to the tow yard and demanded access to my car. The asshole on duty condescendingly refused so I called the detective on my cellphone and asked the guy if he wanted to explain to the cops why he refused to release my vehicle. He did and was shut down hard. The conversation went something like hello sir... yes sir, but we... it's not... well yes... well no... OK... yes sir. Then with a red face he handed my phone back and demanded that I sign some documents. I told him he could fuck right off with that, I wasn't signing anything and I was taking my car back. He was PISSED. After threatening legal action, he let me into the yard where I got into my car and drove off with what must have been the most shit-eating grin on my face. Never heard from them since. I don't usually like being an asshole to people, but I felt like an agent of justice that day. Made my week.
Sounds like they might come across the wrong person one of these times and get their asses beat 
Damn, reminds me of that story about Seattle towing company I saw here some time back. The construction company decided to put up a new 'No parking' sign along a street while cars were already parked there. Within 2-3 hours, the towing company came and towed all the cars. 
TIL Bear is actually spelled Bexar.
The spotters were parked in a disabled spot as well, and to think people say Americans dont understand irony.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOboCgIhcfkhere's another more recent scam that a news station broke in Canada
I remember one summer about 4 years ago my wife and I took our kids to San Antonio for a weekend. It was all we could afford for a vacation that year. On our way out of town we stopped to see the Alamo because my son has learned about it in school that year.  We parked in a paid lot, paid at the kiosk and walked about a block to the Alamo. We came back to see our vehicle gone. We were gone for less than an hour. I'd say around 30 minutes. I called the number on the kiosk where you pay and was told the vehicle had been towed because I was taking up 2 spots and didn't pay to park. It turns out that I must have parked on the line. Parking a full sized SUV in those tiny spots was next to impossible. I remember having to let my wife and kids out before pulling into the spot so they wouldn't hit the other parked cars opening their doors.Also, the number for the spot I had parked in was mostly gone. It was an asphalt lot that was in really bad condition and the paint had mostly rubbed off due to the asphalt breaking away. I looked at the spots on either side and thought I figured out the right spot to pay for. I was wrong.Anyways, feeling stranded like that was a horrible, horrible feeling. I felt so desperate.  Trying to keep it together so my kids wouldn't get scared was not easy. I didn't know what to do. They were 3, 4-1/2 and 7 at the time. We ended up getting a taxi to the impound lot. The driver said that happens all the time and she had seen it ruin so many vacations. All in all it cost nearly $300 to get it out. So much for a cheap vacation. That alone nearly doubled the cost of our affordable trip and left my wife and I feeling so powerless and helpless. It was the worst.  I'm glad to see towing companies are getting cracked down on. 
Donald is right.  We have too many regulations.  We need to let these tow companies thrive and let the market decide. /s
What's the rule of you don't put a boot on it? Can you just tow it right away if no boot? With the amount of people parking in a non parking area it seems silly to keep the car parked there for 24 hrs. I was worried about going to San Antonio for spring break but it looks like all I need to do is not park in a non parking area 
There seems to be 2 kinds of on call towing companies (which doesn't include repo and auto body outfits)-Really great guys-Scum of the EarthThere's a company in my city that is very aggressive in going to private lot owners and contracting with them to tow illegally parked cars. Then they sit like vultures in the downtown pay to park lots on a Friday or Saturday night. As soon as your time is up, they are towing your car. They will even hook a car up that still has a few minutes left just to make sure they can tow it if the owner is only a minute late. Then you have to walk or hail a cab to a sketchy area just west of downtown (maybe like 6 blocks away from one of the larger lots downtown) where you have to bring at least $140 in cash. No cash? Sorry, no ATM close by (did I mention it's a sketchy area?). Is it legal? Yes. Is it sleazy like a used car salesman? Definitely.Then there's another towing company in town that does mostly rescue calls. Great bunch of guys, always friendly and happy to help stranded motorists. Rates are very reasonable and their yard is just off a highway across the street from a quiet neighborhood. I'm fairly certain the yard accepts cards, not sure about drivers dropping off at a house or repair shop.Bonus: I found the Yelp reviews for these places side by side on Google. http://i.imgur.com/l4zHKaI.jpg     
Wow that owner is the biggest POS. Really hope he ends up in jail or at least bankrupt.
To people in California (it may vary from county to county); if you come back to your car being towed and it has not left the parking lot/property then you have the right to get your car back on the spot for no more than half of the towing cost.  Still paying a fee sucks but it's a lot less because you don't get charged for 'storage fees' and 'gate fees'. Also if you park on private property and your car is unsafe to drive (no windshield, flat tire..etc) you have 24 hours AFTER police have been notified before they can tow your vehicle.
Tow companies and insurance companies... I believe they have their own circle in hell. 
Towing/parking business is a huge industry and even though those inspectors did come out (to look like good guys on camera), the tow company barely got a couple of misdemeanor fines and the owner said it himself when he was talking about not one penny was refunded due to the people running the system (the officials and courts) complacent with their tactics. Government officials will go out of their way to hurt the public if there is a little bit of incentive for them in the name of corporations profiting from their actions or inaction. Shit, they will change all kinds of laws to help them take more money from the public. 
Huge justice boner when the state investigator arrived and started getting their ID's.
If I lock myself in a booted car and they illegally tow it, can they be charged with kidnapping?
So in order to use the boot, they have to wait 24 hours, however, they could still tow instantly without using the boot. Is this correct?
Fuck the towing company. But also don't forget, fuck greyhound too for letting this shit go on. 
Yeah i had the same shit happen to me in San Antonio all the time when i lived there. Twice i was told i had to pay to get my car and and to sue them. That city is just corrupt top to bottom. I like how the police saved the day. Theyre just as fucked.
I fucking hate these predatory tow companies. They're in almost every town in America. There should be state/county laws stating that the business establishment has to make a phone call to the tow company and report the car before it can be towed.
Best revenge for getting booted http://forums.vwvortex.com/zerothread?id=3880087&page=1
Tow truck companies are basically licensed car thieves. I learned my lesson once in NYC, since then I won't park my car anywhere unless I am 100% sure it's clear. These guys know where the small, high traffic parking lots are, and likely have some arrangement with nearbye businesses to fleece the public. 
Lol i used to tow for a lot that clearly stated THIS IS NOT A PARKING ZONE AND WILL BE TOWED IMMEDIATELY in big red letters and people still parked there and would get pissed about getting towed because they claimed they could park there because they had permission from the Liquor store across the street who didnt own the lot, We told them to take it up with them and pay their fine for them. We used to make close to 1000$ a week in tow commissions. the lot owner eventually got really pissed and put in the reverse tire spikes you see at the airport.
Wanna piss them off jump in the cab turn the truck off and snap the key off in the ignition, ive done this to companies poaching lots. 
kinda predatory on greyhound's part
We had something a little similar (but a lot more shady) happen in Philadelphia recently, where a towing company was caught hiding a tow zone sign in a notoriously busy area of the city.People would pull up next to a vacant lot where other cars where parked (specifically all the way back at the corner), see an open spot and no signs indicating anything wrong with parking there. Then after the victim would leave, someone who was watching would run to lot, put up the NO PARKING: Tow Zone sign, then move the car/truck (considered a bait car) so a tow truck could come in and tow the car. Many people complained because there was no signage when they parked, but it wasn't until a neighbor across the street started recording the illegal activity that anything was brought to light.[Local ABC station did a story on it](http://6abc.com/news/alleged-tow-trap-caught-on-camera-in-south-philly/1482248/) in August of last year (2016).
I find it ironic that one of the towers both parked in a towing zone and a handicapped parking spot so that he could fine and tow people for doing the exact same thing.
I used to do property management for a company that hired booters. They would wait 15 minutes before booting and stills caught dozens of people a day.  It wasn't ambiguous wording like the patrons at the beginning of the video here, it was clearly no parking except Johnson Associates(or whichever tenant owned the parking spots)I once saw a man climb on his car as it was as being towed away. In the middle of the street tube tow truck stops and yells at him to get off. The. A mace warning.  Then a second warning.... after 4-5 more boom! Faceful of bear spray.   The man started screaming in Arabic as he  washed his face in a dirty puddle.  A few people started filming on their razor flip phones (this was probably 2005).   Then climbed back on the back of that damned tow truck again...!!   I remember thinking fuck man just let it go...  I saw a lot of crazy things at that property.  Saw a Mexican get hit with a pipe for called by a black man...well you know.  Found a $50 bill under the ice one winter.  Score!  The next winter I found a frozen homeless man.   I'm knew him.  Randy.  He was the jobless...just homeless.  He slept in a car after drinking vodka.. he was a severe alcoholic and stuck there malt liquor to stay out of too much trouble.  Well he fucked up.  I remember talking too him one day about his life.  How he'd lost his daughter... Anyway back to the booters.   The 2 guys I remember doing it were hired by us to clean up our retched parkIng situation.  We had 8 public stalls and 20 private. The rest was street parking.  We managed a hallal food market,  daycare,  and 6 or so private auto body shops. All on the same premises.   The patrons would often park in our tenants spots, but even more so the tenants in the auto shop would park in the patrons spots or take up street spots (2 hour limit)Anyway again. 2 booters.   White guy in 20's. Short Asian dude with spacer earrings, also 20's.  They would boot cars at an $80 fine; they received half of the profit.  They would boot 5-10 cars a day for pretty good moneY.  When people got super angry and pissed they would move to one of the other properties they had contracts with until the buzz died down.Edit:   Anyway I'll tell more stories if there's interest
Always like to see tow truck dudes taken down a peg. Am Chicagoan. 
If I came out and my car was hooked up and they said they wouldn't take it off, I'd get in my car. What could they possibly do then? If they drove off it would be kidnapping.
This is so damn satisfying to watch, the sting that is.
Look at the weak-ass handshake at 4:48. I think that's the real crime here. 
***The Troubleshooters*** are on the case
I used to work around strip bars, and people would park wherever they want because they know the managers/owners doesn't care. But we still got these towing people snooping around outside and inside of the stores to track customers to see if they left the property so they can call their tow trucks to run over and tow the cars as fast as possible. And they alway persuades us how all the parked cars ruining out business and we have to tow them. Tldr: tow truckers are the biggest scumbag, next to car dealers
If you work a job like this and do unethical bullshit like this, you are scum. You can use excuses like it's just a job or that's company policy I'm just doing my job but at the end of the day YOU personally are scum. The company AND you are scum. 
Who would of thought a business built on inconvenience would be ran and staffed by slimy assholes?Edit: Fuck you, not changing it.
They should have been arrested for grand theft auto and thrown in jail to rot.
What pieces of shit. And you know that those people using greyhound don't have the money to deal with this type of shit. Just fucking shameless.
Forget punching nazis, let's all punch these people instead
lol the spotter got a fine for parking in a handicap spot.  lmao
Keep this in your car.https://www.amazon.com/Ryobi-P421-Volt-Angle-Grinder/dp/B001NJA2HI
That's how you report news. 
Cops should be all over this, not getting people for 10mph over on the highway.
***That's a BS!***
These people are despicable and the company should be shut down completely .. Pure scum
/r/JusticePorn 
why doesnt some consumer agency step in and have their licenses revoked? its clear the owners intend to defraud people
People are such dicks haha. AND the booter guy parks in the handicapped parking space 
Bah. This happened to me at the shopping center off Layhill Road in Wheaton four years ago. I parked in the shopping mall en route to the Stained Glass Pub with friends, went, had drinks, and when we got back, the car was gone. Since the mall was just about closed (9-10 PM), I figured they must have had somebody staking out the parking lot. Cost me $200 to get my car back.I can't see how Montgomery County hasn't started cracking down on that sort of thing yet.
I live in SA and my neighborhood HOA uses Bexar towing. They have literally towed my truck out of my driveway. I didn't have the funds to fight it in court but it doesn't seem like it would have done much good anyway. What can I do? What should I do? I fully analyzed burning down their office but I am terrible at crime. 
Screw that sleazy owner trying to contradict video evidence. What a fraudster
I don't understand why towing someone without following the rules isn't considered felony theft and extortion. People should go to jail over this.
A lot of these towing companies are the lamprey eels of capitalism.
I like how state investigators and local PD don't care about numerous complaints about it until television journalists show up. The owners are likely greasing some palms so it wont stop. At least not in general.
There are few businesses as scummy and underhanded as tow companies. I hope they get fined into fucking bankruptcy. 
This is why I keep a drill with a carbine tool bit...drill that boot off 
r/justiceboner
If I died, and had the  choice between being reincarnated as a tow-truck driver, or not being reincarnated at all, I'd *definitely* choose the latter.  They're near the very top among *the* worst people on the planet.
My brother parked his car out front of my house in a gated community. You're not supposed to park there as it is technically a fire lane, but he fell asleep on the couch before moving it. (Parking is really rough in our community. 5 min walks just to find parking after 6pm.)The security service here who is assigned to make our community safer will call the towing company and have them come tow all cars not parked in a normal spot in the middle of the night. They booted my brother's car at 1:30am. He heard the tow truck backing up and ran outside as it was getting hitched. I came out to try and talk to them. Apparently it is against the tow company policy to allow the car to be released without a $102.50 fee. I had to pay it as my brother is struggling. The whole time, the security guard and the tow company rep were chatting as if they were best friends. I called the police station before making the payment and they verified this is common tow truck practice. I also asked the security guard why he didn't knock on the door first and he said, Well what if you had a gun? I could not believe the tactics they used to scam us out of $102.50. As soon as they unhitched the car, the security guard mumbled, On to the next one! to the tow truck driver. It gets better. We ran down the street to warn the next guy. As we knocked on their door, the tow truck driver ran to his car and backed up and hitched the net targeted car and said, Too late! with a smirk.Tow companies are predatory and do whatever it takes to scam whoever they can out of whatever they can. If he could have towed my brother's car, he would have, but he had to offer the release agreement by law. It is complete bullshit.
the people on both sides are retarded 1) the people parking there, i mean its clearly markedbut 2) the scum that are just towing instantly, THIS WHOLE SITUATION IS RETARDED
My parents were visiting my brother while he lived in a rented house in Boston a few years ago, and a tow company swooped in and took their rental car after they parked in front of the house. It was only 10 minutes after they arrived, too. IDK what rules Mass has for tow companies, but I would guess it's similar to what they have in Texas.
Towing companies are notoriously shady. It's an industry that attracts scumbags.
I, apologetically, have a deep disgust for anyone in the towing/repossession business. I realize that, based on our economic system, it's a necessary evil. Regardless, i can't help but see anyone who does this work for anything other than a type of sadist. I can't imagine how many tears and pleas and desperation they must be subjected to on a daily basis. How anyone can do a job wherein you create these types of scenes as part of your work, is totally beyond me. Can you imagine? Your *job* is to take away the most important object that many people rely on the most to make a living and generally thrive in the world. Fucking savage. 
Man, this makes my blood boil. 
What scum
I'm sure Texas regulators are all over this. 
Yup... that's it. That's what would push me over the edge into the criminal underworld.  I would attack them. 
Damn Road Pirates! 
I love when piece of shit companies that will go so low for money get caught and they become all quiet. Serves these assholes right.
They are scum, buuuut, it does seem pretty well marked?  
OMG 
This is actual investigative news. 
So what if someone has a quiet electric car with tinted windows and they left their kid in the backseat with the car on while they ran inside for a quick moment. I can only imagine the shitstorm this company would face of they towed off a car in that situation. 
It's amazing how people defend their scumbag procedures... They knew exactly they are pieces of shit. Should just have said oh shit, you got us. 
you have no reason to visit san antonio. 
Thanks for sharing this very timely 6 year old video!!!! helps a lot!
Even companies that don't stalk you like this are fucking predatory. They charge hundreds to drag your car a few miles and then charge for every day that it sits there. Oops we're closed on the weekend that's an extra 2 days sorry. 
I used to drive tow truck when I was 18-19 years old and do impound towing hired specifically to do a bank parking lot just like this. We never booted any vehicles. What I would like to point out is that I never knew a single law about if what I was doing was legal or not. I simply took a job and did what my employer asked. I got 30% for every vehicle back to the yard so it was a good incentive to be aggressive. $100+/hr will make you do greasy work.
/r/rage
You know what, I would gladly pay these people even more money if they just let me kick them in the balls as hard as I can.
Dishonest media making it difficult for businesses in America!!! Sad!!!
Good job America
That's a real news station.  Good stuff right there.
made in america
The owner pulled a Trump right there on camera with his alternative facts.
This kind of shit makes my blood boil.
If they don't have the right to tow, then how is this not outright theft?
See, tow truck *used* to be about helping people.  Your car breaks down and someone comes out to help you get your car to a repair shops or what ever.   If you need a tow truck to come out nowadays, you'll wait at least an hour, probably more.But park somewhere questionable and these fuckers come and steal your car, [Fourth Amendment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution) be damned.  Who thinks it is reasonable to seize potentially tens of thousands of dollars of property in lieu of a potential fine less than $500?  No sane person with integrity, does, only people who stand to gain from it.This is corruption, plain and simple. Seriously.    
I don't think there are legitimate businesses as evil and predatory as towing companies and payday loans. 
I always had the suspicion that these kind of enterprises had connections to organized crime. Like parking garages, it's just too easy to make money from it.
That's just like apartments that have a tow company that tow people that park over the line. They claim to have signage everywhere. That just means on the exit gate at times. And over the line can be right next to the line. It's always the nasty looking apartments that have this partnership. 
All tow companies suck. 
Fuck these people taking advantage of others. Fuck them with a saw.
It's literally a dream of mine to go to law school just so I can become a lawyer and go after towing companies with a vengeanceit's the most fraudulent, low, and downright illegal industry that is aloud to exist in this country and nobody really does anything about it.
Tow truck drivers are the scum of the earth.
Why doesn't this kind of thing lead to their license being revoked? Get them the fuck off our streets.
Parked in a handicap spot while towing people for being in a different spot, nice.
Life pro tip: Keep a sawzall in your trunk. If you are booted, get it out and tear that fucking thing apart and drive off. Here's one: http://www.homedepot.com/p/Milwaukee-M18-18-Volt-Lithium-Ion-Cordless-SAWZALL-Reciprocating-Saw-Tool-Only-2621-20/205482388You'd be amazed what it can saw through and how quickly.  Other options: Keep a battery powered impact hammer, and observe boots in the area. Find a driver head that is shaped and sized properly - keep an assortment. Boot goes on? Impact hammer (essentially an electric drill with crazy power) comes out, and boot comes off. Another option: Keep a 9mm in your car and an ounce of cocaine. Snort the coke, get out the 9mm. Find the guy that put the boot on the car. Let nature take its course. Stand in court later being sentenced to life in prison, and giggle as you hear the sentence. He had it comin! HE HAD IT COMIN! BRING IT YOU ASSHOLES!!!Anyway, just some thoughts. 
Seriously, FUCK YOU BEXAR TOWING!! They've cost me, my family, and my friends thousands of dollars. THOUSANDS. They once illegally towed my car and dented the door in so badly that I couldn't open it. When I brought it to their attention, they of course insisted it was my fault. I tried to peruse legal action against them but backed down after months of intimidation. FUCK THESE PEOPLE. I'm so fired up Reddit!!
Ha, got eem 
pleased to meet you ma'am [4:47](https://youtu.be/QSaANF5V1ps?t=287)
They know what the fuck they're doing. The pricks.
San Antonio's doctors, optometrists, firestone managers, wells&fargo clerks, etc. are in it for shady con jobs.   I was married to a delusional San Antonio woman.  Every times I go to San Antonio to see my daughters I see countless creepies doing bad things.  
you should xpost to /r/hookit for some interesting stories or perspectives.
Him getting a ticket for parking in handicap while scamming people is the cherry on top
I smell a Federal class action lawsuit.
Thanks for the video, along with scimmers I now know how to spot illegal towing tactics.
Badass. Fuck those guys.
Sue them into bankruptcy. I don't care how many No Parking signs there are, it doesn't give them the right to break the law. They're predatory.Honestly, if these guys towed my car within 3 minutes, I might be plotting how to murder them as I paid my fees.
If the tow truck companies actions were legal and within the rules that are set by the state, I wouldn't have any issue with it, but they aren't so that pisses me off immensely.My state doesn't have any of these rules and aggressive tactics are used.  I park only where I'm supposed to and if I'm not sure I can park somewhere, I don't.  It's not my property and I'm smart enough to understand that that means I don't have the right to park wherever I want for any reason I want.  Parking and Driving are privileges not rights after all.  (Kids hate hearing that though.)
This is shitty of the tow co. and apparently illegal, but why the fuck would anyone with a brain park their car in that lot. The tow company would be perfectly within their rights to boot and charge for removing it. Why do so many people think rules just don't apply to them?
Can we all agree, all tow truck drivers and their companies are the scum of the earth?
I'm glad they got caught doing that shit. The towing company that lurks around my apartment complex at night looking for cars parked without a resident tag did something similar to me. 
Most Ex-State and City officials own Towing Co., good ole boys club, and you ain't in it.
I get that they violated a law, but can we talk about that law?I've done deliveries.  It's infuriating as hell having to drive around the block because a parade of jackasses think **Loading Zone, No Parking** means **10-Minute Parking Only**.  If you force the owner of the property to leave cars blocking a workspace for 24 hours, you're fucking over the people who didn't do anything wrong, to protect the idiots who did.It's cruel to take somebody's car the minute they leave without giving them fair warning, but why shouldn't people be able to post a sign in clear view that says **NO PARKING. IMMEDIATE TOW-AWAY ZONE. IF YOU PARK HERE YOUR CAR WILL BE TOWED AWAY IMMEDIATELY. SERIOUSLY, DO NOT PARK HERE FOR ANY AMOUNT OF TIME** and then tow everyone who ignores it?
Try SAN FRANCISCOit's bigger than Pablo escobar, the city and the tow companies are in an eternal circle jerk. One ticket and any low income family's budget will be decimated. Towed? There goes your rent check.The criminals involved in these companies profit off the mistakes of humans by holding them to absurd standards of parking (1st world problems), I swear the parking signs in SF require a law degree and calculus and a spare 20 minutes to decipher.
these scumbags did it to me, $293 for parking somewhere i had parked for years...sleaziest people in the world...got confronted by the spotter for telling people not to work there...i wanted to punch him in the face but half his mouth didn't have teeth so the thought of touching his nasty ass gums was too much...i was literally thinking  about them today, this happened 5 years ago 
That's just fukked up
 Holy shit my county **and** my city on the news? This is awesome! Go San Antonio!
This pisses me off, that dude deserves to get kicked in the face while he kneeled down booting someones car.
That's some Ricky logic there.
Scum
There are very few life forms lower than tow lot owners.Fucking scum.
How is this not considered theft and how did none of them go to jail? 
I thought the tow company owner was gonna start yelling But... profit motive! Profit motive!!!!!!!
They should just start executing these pieces of trash whose sole purpose is to victimize people.
The sheriff at 4:48 looks like the guy from NCIS
Genuine local journalism? Am I taking crazy pills?
The owner of the towing company: I'm allowed by law... Dude, police and state investigators are swarming your hunting ground and you have the balls to say you know the law?Though I wish they should've just suspended the company instead of fines. Was there not enough evidence already?
This is very interesting in the historical context of local television and newspapers, not so much radio.  Back in the daybefore the Internetauto dealers were frequently THE largest advertisers on both television and in the newspapers.  I can remember getting stacks of auto ads on, I believe, Thursday every week, with my local newspaper, in the build-up for folks looking to purchase cars on the weekend.So far, so good, right?  Well, along came the occasional consumer who had a legitimate complaint about being sold a lemoneither new or usedor perhaps wanting to dispute some repair charges.  They looked around the local media for a white knight and suddenly none could be found.  What happened in so many cases was that the local media outlet would refrain from certain types of consumer fraud reporting in exchange for continued advertising revenue.  And with the advent of the Internet, these revenues became even more important to the newspapers and television stations.  As a result, shittons of local investigative journalism suffered for the sins of the owners.  Plus, such reporting is frequently long-term and is not something that can be shot, edited and televised in a few hours like the local flower show could be.  It would be good if local TV could get back to kind of investigative & consumer fraud reporting on a much deeper level, but it's anathema to the local, well-connected powers-that-be in so many locales.  Unfortunately, a balance is struckusually between the media owners and the money folksbut that balance fails to take into account the local consumers who are the real ones who suffer at the hands of the others, and who can often least afford their transgressions.This tow-truck scam is one that's been going on for ages.  I love that one of the owners, the father-type guy, basically blamed the folks who parked in that lot for his own companies failure to follow the law, then he crafted the terminal PA announcement out of whole cloth.  Hmmm... something tells me he probably votes a straight Republican ticket, too.
That sweet Handicap parking ticket icing.
Remember when Britt McHenry from ESPN had her meltdown?   She came out of that looking like a flaming bitch, but in reality, she was right....she was a victim of a predatory towing company.   
Reminds me of the Argentinian movie Relatos Salvajes (Wild Tales) where a pissed off guy finally blows up a towing center after their repeated illegal and unethical actions. 
give them a call +1 210-590-6200 and tell them you are not satifide with there services. 
I used to work as a lot attendant at a ski area. We had boots, but I almost never used them because it was way more fun to write insults on the the sidewalls of people's tires with chalk. We were really lenient and let people get out of boot fees pretty easily unless they were repeat offenders. 
I'm thinking every city has these shitty, predatory level towing companies.. I'm thinking of you, Shamrock Towing of Columbus, OH.. 
In Philadelphia, PA they passed a city law that prevents this from happening without prior request by a police officer or the PPA after many illegal tows were caught on camera.
So several illegal actions.Why are they still doing this without faulter?
What lots and lots of people need to do is have somebody hide in the back seat.  When the tow truck starts to approach get in the front seat and take off.  Waste their time and gas.
This should be multiple counts of grand theft auto.
Totally agree. Communities can really use the help of dedicated, persistent journalists like these to fight back 
I'll get downvoted for this, but this is a dumb thing to say. This kind of stuff is not national news worthy. Political scandal, sure. Terrorist attack, yes. Protests, sure. But an illegal thing done by one company in one city, no. There's a reason why there's local news and national news stations. Local news reports on local stuff that only concerns local residents, national news reports on stuff concerning the whole country.  
Seriously, CNN has bought up some apps popular amongst millenials because we don't watch their network nearly as much as the older generations. It's because we can't stand the constant spewing of spins and pundits discussing endless crap. 
I live in San Antonio and these Troubleshooter investigations are really awesome for people here. They've been doing it for years. Basically find some injustice then investigate it and solve the issue. Real good people.
I'm surprised more YouTubers aren't doing this.
Here in Canada we have that, it's called W5. Has aired on CTV since the 1970s i believe. Very very good show. 
This more of local news story than a national one. Major news networks have to prioritize a lot, maybe this would get a mention but unless it involves the national interest sometimes it won't and that's okay because that's what local news is for. 
Was Christmas in 1997 particularly good for you?
If this was a national company doing this in a lot of cities, yes.  But this type of story is better suited in the local market.  I'm all for the victims, but it means nothing to me in my city.
I remember back in the day that the words Mike Wallace is outside waiting to see you would cause grown men to hide under desks or try to drop out windows.   Now his milquetoast son is a toady propagandist for the establishment (and I don't mean Democrat or Republican).I'd throw some serious bitcoin towards a cadre of national investigative reporters that would go after all the corrupt companies and their pet politicians.
They do. Watch 60 minutes or Frontline. Those are investigative shows. The daily news shows are 30 minutes long and include current news and some investigative stories but they dont have the time for in depth stories. Also read newspapers which have no time constraints. 
Major news networks don't, but local networks are all over this investigative style of reporting.
*But, did you see the way President Trump shook Japan's Prime Minister's hand?*
> spout the same bullshit over and over againBut have you SEEN what the president just tweeted, you wont BELEIVE it. more at 11.
The BBC does this shit all the time. 
I agree 100% I enjoy these segments way more. Unfortunately you rarely see stuff like this which is a shame. Under cover work, and investigations into stuff that isn't right are very enjoyable to watch.I got pretty interested a while back in this channel over in Australia (though rarely got to see it except online since I live in North Dakota, USA) that do specials on newspapers and news sites that push fake news or don't tell the whole truth. Very enjoyable and really makes me sad we don't have something as great over here. Sorry I don't remember what the show or channel was called. I want to say it was ABC over there but when looking around I can't find any videos that remind me of the channel or the guy who would report on and show how the news was false.
Local news is where is at, national news is utter garbage unless you're watching CSPAN 
San Antonio native here.our news shows and publications here really do some cool stuff.they even do a cool good morning SA show 
If you ask me, i always thought that this right there was the job of the reporters, but i have learned with time that this is not what most of them do... 
They're still at it. http://news4sanantonio.com/news/trouble-shooters/police-and-da-want-to-stop-unauthorized-towing-of-vehiclesThey're a notoriously shitty company. Also many of their signs are not legal. There are restrictions on the color and size of lettering which their signs do not meet. If you're towed by them you can most likely fight it in court if you have the time.
I think they ended up paying a fine of $20K that year, and continued to act like assholes up until 2016 where they got fined another $80K, which seems like they are fighting. The section Ending on a whimper talks about it here: http://www.mystatesman.com/news/loopholes-towing-laws-blamed-for-letting-operators-off-the-hook/v9BkKRtCvpmprPsXgGkEeI/
I also had issues with towing companies in Miami, FL. They towed my car from the parking lot of a bank. They told I'd parked it overnight, but the reality was I was visiting the bank same time previous day. The bank paid me the money for towing and a little bit more for hurting my car. But it was enough for time and energy loss.
Im not sure, but apparently Harely Morenstein has made a complaint on Google reviews. http://imgur.com/CJJYa5qPretty sure he spells Harley. 
That's the Greyhound bus terminal. People will park and dash in to pickup their family/friend.  Soon as they go inside the tow company is called.
Well said
No, you see the problem here is regulation. These are great companies. Just great. They should tow as much as they want. What this fake news station did is just outrageous. I will make sure that the  waiting period is taken away and that this great American company can continue to do great things.
Especially so when you learn that the $80,000 fine for the towing company (for continuing to do this after multiple court cases and fines) was reduced to $70 when they appealed to a crooked judge. 
Yup, nothing more infuriating than watching the scum of the universe take advantage of people like this for money
Parked in the handicap spot while hes towing people illegally. 
Seriously! Fuckin' regulations!!
The part when the dude was ignoring them continuing his job towing the car made me so freaking mad i would have been totally banana if i would have been there. 
My car was ticketed and immediately towed (so I had to pay two fines) in West Hollywood for parking on a permit-only spot. The street sign was hidden behind a tree. I appealed and they denied it. City of West Hollywood. It's a racket.
I wish the tow companies in my area would aggressively tow cars.at my apartment every parking stall is reserved for a tenant.  Guests who park in a parking stall are taking a tenant's parking stall.  So when a tenant comes home late, there is someone in their stall.If there are signs that say NO PARKING or you will be towed, tow companies should be allowed to tow the car within 5 minutes.
Still looks this way in smaller markets. It's really refreshing
try the canadian show market place by cbc.
It looks like they are still doing it too. The first time might have been a mistake theoretically, but they should have lost their license by now because they are clearly running an illegal operation. 
I don't know what the law looks like in Texas, but there are ways to address things like this.Just create a statute that awards at least a minimum amount (say, $1,000) for wrongful towering and give an award of attorney's fees to successful car owners.You don't need cops and agencies to enforce it.  The local lawyers will. 
Shoot them in the face. Literally committing grand theft auto in broad daylight. Stand your ground, it's Texas after all. 
I wonder if some charge of theft of the car would stick to the tow company for towing it before the end of the 24 hour waiting period.
Do you think this would count as theft? I mean, if I were to catch them in the act and shoot them, could I claim defense of my property?
I got booted last week. The company didn't come unboot within the legally required time of contacting them. I would have just taken it off myself with the tools in the trunk but there were no exposed screws and the only thing I could have done was cut it off with an acetylene torch which would likely ruined the tire (but still wasn't technically illegal according to municipal code). They kidnapped my car and didn't follow the law afterwards and I have no outlet other than filing a form with the city... meanwhile it still cost me $50
Unfortunately, this is how businesses operate. They blatantly break the law and factor the fines into the cost of doing business. And they always come out ahead, so why stop? The law really needs to change i this regard. Fines should be percentages based on revenue. The system they have in place right now is completely stupid. 
Seriously. All it would take is a group of masked vigilantes breaking into their office, beating the living shit out of anyone working there, and very clearly stating that if they continue their predatory practices the next time someone might end up dead. Guarantee these fucking tough guys cut this shit out. If not, well, they played their hand and called what they thought was a bluff. They lose.
I noticed that immediately when they showed the wide angle (And when the owner was interviewed), waited the entire video to see if he would get a fine for it.
Best part of the video
Tow companies are seriously predatory. And the problem is, you have virtually zero power in any negotiations, because they have your car locked up in their lot. Unless you know the law, and can quote it to them (as you did), it's very hard to get away without getting ripped off.My dad got towed once by a company while he was doing repairs in an apartment building. He didn't have a parking sticker, but he was an employee of the building owners. We went together to go get his car back and they said cash only (which is illegal), they tried to charge him an after hours fee because it was a holiday (which is also illegal), and they didn't have their proper signage up displaying their prices, hours, etc. My dad paid what he had to in order to get his car back, then the next day he called the police department and called the tow company back, and they said they'd refund him if he'd just drop all of it.Oh, and they weren't the tow company the apartment complex had hired to cover their lot. They were just some random tow company on the lookout for people to rip off. Fucking assholes.
So in Winnipeg the other day I got a parking ticket for parking too close to a fire hydrant. It read you can pay online --- $0.00 caution only. Aw thanks someone was having an alright day. 
I want to say I have a justice boner.  But it's not true.  I had one, but this made me justice cum and now it's a justice windsock.
I wouldn't be surprised if the employees are packing heat. Even with totally legit and fair towing practices, people can get violent very quickly when their car is taken away. 
https://youtu.be/1oecQ4AbZlcHere's a tow truck driver being shot at here in Houston, TX. This was in a rough part of town if i remember correctly
I would not continue to do that shit in [Texas](http://imgur.com/a/7rFwO).
I remember that video. Thankfully someone taped the company putting up the signs after the cars were parked and those people had their fines thrown out by a judge later on
[deleted]
Most cities have laws that require 24-48 hour notice before signs go into affect. In anycase, with the vast majority not bothering to fight it, companies still make money.
I wanna say [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/540pge/surprise_a_temporary_noparking_sign_pops_up_and/)
Silent x lmao 
Well be-har, or bay-HAR if you want to drawl it out. Wait, that's down here? I guess I'll have to watch it.
I live in Bexar county, and I still catch myself calling it Behxar instead of bear.
It gets everybody lol
But I thought irony is rain in your wedding day
I could watch this stuff for days...
I noticed the /s, but the video is over 5 years old...
I believe it can be towed right away if there's no boot, but the operation they're running here makes sure the boot is on within 30 seconds of the person leaving the vehicle, while the tow truck might take 3-5 minutes to get there. This system means 100% of the people will get their car towed, while not using a boot means that people are free to leave if they get back to their car before the tow truck shows up. 
County I'm in in California you have to wait an hour. Don't know about booting, they don't do that here.. yep, if some cock basket is parked in your driveway, as long as it is a legal parking spot, they have to wait an hour before towing it. As far as parking in a businesses lot, by the time anyone figures out that the vehicle doesn't belong there, at least an hour has passed anyway.As far as the Texas greyhound  station, I would have just made my way into the freight office and asked a question about pricing or something. That tow company is a bunch of degenerates. I'm  Surprised nobody had shot them yet.
I've learned to avoid these scum (whenever possible) by parking on the street. Worst that happens is your meter expires and MAYBE a meter maid writes you a cheap ticket.
Of course it's cash, no credit card processor will sign them up: chargeback galore. 
I hope he gets shot. He knows exactly what he's doing, and he knows exactly the kind of thugs he's hiring to do it.This is like the locksmith industry - for everyone legit company there's a hundred that literally hire felons and criminals to intimidate and rip people off by smashing their shit and charging hundreds of dollars for something that would've taken five minutes with no damage at all. Towing and locksmithing is legalized crime that exploits desperate people.
Seeing as he got his 80,000 fine reduced to $73 I doubt it. 
If its more than 150$ call the cops youre getting robbed, we charged 75 to 100 depending on how much of an ass a person was.
I repo cars. You cannot tow a car with a person inside of it. It is kidnapping.
The boot has to be on for 24 hours along with a sticker before they can legally tow. They skipped the whole 24 hour and sticker part. The boot part was legit, they just had to wait to tow. They must have been hoping that the person being towed didn't know this and just paid up. 
Needing a parking permit for your own home is just disgusting. 
Yeah, but like the video said, if the car is booted then the owner has 24 hours to pay, by Texas law. They showed them booting the cars and towing within minutes. The reporter even asks the guy if he can pay while the car is booted and before it's towed, and the guy says no.Very clearly against Texas law. This company is going to have its license revoked due to this, I'm sure.They can't really claim it was a one time case. The news company caught it multiple times. Very easily shows it as a pattern, not an exception.
Put caltrops in front of the tow truck, or glue a ball bearing into the air valve cap on the tires so it lets the air out without destroying tires.
Dude, those are some quality stories. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Do tell us more, please!
So the property owner gets 50%? No wonder they look away when they can make more from a customer miss parking then as a customer.
>  I remember thinking fuck man just let it goAm I the only person who had the exact opposite thoughts?  The driver had no grounds to attack him, or even put him at risk by driving off while he was on the car.  At worst, he could've called the cops.
I'd subscribe to a subreddit of just your story telling.
>A mace warning. Then a second warning.... after 4-5 more boom! Faceful of bear spray. The man started screaming in Arabic as he washed his face in a dirty puddle.That would be assault from the tow truck driver. It is not legal to mace someone for standing on their own car. He should have just called the cops.
Read the title and assumed it was going to be Lincoln Towing.
It's either would **HAVE** or would**'VE**, but never would **OF**.  See [Grammar Errors](http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar/could-of-would-of-should-of/) for more information.
I love there's a bot for this
I was too concerned with the slimy assholes to notice any other word choice. 
You basically said fuck you to a bot. Ha
That would require work
Weird, as a contrast there's a parking lot just off of USG in Rockville, the towing company put big stickers on the window as a warning and only if they did it again they would tow.
Go to your HOA meetings and ask them to fire Bexar. 
That wasn't fraud, that was alternative fact.  It's very popular these days.  We'll see how long the fashion lasts in the courts.
but there are no warnings at all its boot and tow 5 mins is insane, they are perfectly within the law to tow it but the boot is like free money for them with out the hassle of towing 
Please explain, because I cannot understand you.
I agree.  The laws sound stupid.  You leave your property on my property I should have every right to move it immediately.
I'm not [satifide](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/653/745/7ae.jpg)
So you're saying that maybe we should all be paying more attention to state and local events/politics? I agree.
I miss the era of investigative journalism.
It is a dumb thing to say because it was a local news report.  The title of this thread is Local news catch ....  
I had no idea tow scamming was a thing. I'm sure this isn't the only company doing it. I'm glad I watched this video, even though I live in a different state. 
I agree with your statement.. but you have to agree that for major news outlets they are all too happy pushing out newsertainment than to have investigative journalists on tap.. costing money.. and producing almost no results.. until.. they crack the big story and then they have the power to change the world. See [Spotlight](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1895587/)
Well, to be fair, we used to have major networks doing these investigations.  60 minutes, dateline, 20/20.  Those used to be very important shows.
This is what news magazine shows like dateline or 60 minutes cover as well.
Yeah seriously fuck what the major news like CNN are doing. It's practically click bate on a tv! It's a shame too cause before newspapers used to be doing actual investigative journalism but now they are either dying down or taking that lame ass path too. If only somehow real journalism could make a come back. I think that's what we need. 
Are you lone star dudes out there all that cool? :DBroad brushes aside... okay, broad brushes not aside because I'm a californian who's never been to texas so I've got no idea, except that one vid of those dudes who roped a calf running around on a highway or something. Those dudes were machismo.
Because some guy on YouTube has no professional credentials.
ITS JUST A PRANK BRO. LOOK YOU'RE ON CAMERA.Remember to like, subscribe and share this video.
Aren't there a lot of laws surrounding hidden camera's and microphones, as well as recording another party without their knowledge though? Not that I wouldn't love to see more shady companies get busted, but it would suck for some random person to end up facing fines or charges because they didn't do their legal homework beforehand.
That actually a brilliant idea. Yeah maybe not some Dickhead prankster but maybe an actual journalist with legitimate experience and know how I would totally watch that!
AM I BEING DETAINED?!?!?!?
Fifth Estate on CBC is pretty good too.
And in Quebec we have <La facture> and <JE> , two shows tracking scammers and informing the population about their rights.
There is a towing company in central florida that does something similar on the beach boardwalks, they put the signs up facing AWAY from the lot so you can't see them until you actually get out of your car and go to the beach, and they will have an employee in plain clothes and a binocolar calling the towing truck so by the time you go to move your car, it's already loaded up and there's nothing they can do so you have to pay hundreds of dollars to get your car back. It's basically extortion, its terrible.
Any pitchfork sales going on this weekend?
Wow that sounds like a great way to get all your company truck tires slashed in one night. And maybe a tow truck or two set on fire. Try that shit in my city. See what happens. Oh it already has. A Raleigh, NC tow company lost four tow trucks for similar (though less well posted) practices near NCSU campus. Two were lit on fire. One was 'damaged irreparably.' One was forfeited in a lawsuit.Fuck tow companies. Make an honest living helping people (including business owners) out or fuck off and die. These two owners are pieces of shit.
People need to place more blame on Greyhound who knowingly hires there guys with exactly this intent.
ty. yea as soon as I seen the Hispanic and African American doing all the work and as soon as there was trouble two white guys show up I had a pretty good idea what type of company they were lol. 
Ridiculous... the same company is towing cars from a private lot that they don't even have a contract with.   It's like they put up a sign and tow at will.  
That's what you get when you have shitty enforcement and small consequences for breaking these restrictions.  I have respect for the enforcement of parking laws, but when you make it a business, people will screw over their own mothers to make a buck.
It's Texas. When they brought up state regulators, I thought it was hilarious
Yeah but you didn't read their statement at the bottom.  They said they were sorry.
I like the part where they try to say it's within the law, when the guys that enforce the fucking law are right there telling you it isnt.
I saw that red tow truck and knew right away this was in SA
The owner sounded like Ted Cruz trying to sell the repeal of the ACA.
This must be that bootstrappy business innovation jerb creators are always talking about. 
If the touring is illegal, that's actually called grand theft auto.  If anybody in the legal system actually wanted them shut down, that's what they would be charged with.
How the hell do they still have their license? Revoke that shit and throw the whole shelf at em.
Bexar Towing Spokesperson Elizabeth Greydanus 
Being that this is Texas, I'm surprised they haven't had more people throwdown on them.
They even dont have a proper light bar on that truck.
The $80k fine was reduced to $73.00.From that article:An agencys governing board can accept or modify such administrative rulings. At their August 2014 meeting, the licensing and regulatory commissioners voted to reduce the $1,200 fines the judge had levied against Bexar to only $1 each.
awesome ty
state gets 25$ off of every tow, plus a yearly fee on the licenses... why would they change anything. 
Hey now, it was $70 and a big breakfast.
No, you misread that article. The Judge said take away their licence and 80k in fines. The company appealed the decision to a special board of the licencing commission, who are politically appointed Commissioners that can overrule the Judge. In this case, the appointed Commissioners board decided to overrule the Judge and reduce the fine.
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE??
What pisses me off even more is that they target mid-to-low income families. It's beyond fucked up.  
There must be something you can do about that. You are paying for those spots if it's in the lease. If there's no parking they are essentially stealing from you. 
This is exactly what local journalism has always done and still does.
What if we get a tow truck company to do the same to them? As soon as they park, boot their truck.
Yeah you should read that article posted up there. There are over $87,000 in fines, but these guys use their lawyers to evade them and keep on operating.
Why do you think they do it so quickly?  They know it's illegal and they know that since it's Texas somebody damn well might shoot them.  They want to make a clean getaway.
No because they're not stealing your car, they're violating regulations. They're correctly booting the cars. They just aren't allowed to tow them for 24 hours. So you could sue for you cars release and lost wages, but it's not theft in a legal sense. 
Probably not, but if enough people did it, these pieces of shit might stop regardless.
it's probably not theft because most forms of theft (larceny, etc.) require taking of property with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of the property.  Second, even if it was theft, you can't shoot someone in defense of property. You can only shoot in defense of life or risk of serious injury, or in defense of your home in certain states with a castle doctrine.I don't think any state allows you to shoot someone for stealing your car.  EDIT: nevermind, Texas fulfills every stereotype you would imagine and shooting in def. of property is protected.  
And when the guy is getting written up for a ticket,  he looks like he can't believe it.... lol
Towing should be paid by the party that ordered it and then any fines done between them, the offender and the legal system. Holding a car hostage because they claim it was parked illegally is no different to grand theft auto in my opinion. Move it somewhere, sure, but don't demand money for the pleasure of having your car stolen. 
They have entire reality shows about it.
Oh I believe it, mixing crazy with crazy isn't the best idea. 
An ordinary person spends his lifeavoiding tense situations.A repo man spends his lifegetting into tense situations.
Most likely. Many for profit tow companies usually hire some pretty shady characters themselves, a lot with criminal records, because they can't find a job anywhere else. I learned this from a tow truck driver as we were driving my car to a shop, he had a record and a pretty shitty life the way he told it. 
then when they pull a gun on a pissed off person packing heat, its going to end up with 1 or 2 dead people, then i bet this shit will stop. 
Damn, he missed.
ROFLThat's gotta be a composite, though.
http://www.nytimes.com/1994/03/08/us/in-killing-of-repo-man-law-shields-the-killer.html?pagewanted=all
Oh that's nothing. We pay for permits to park in front of our own houses in Chicago and get towed on street cleaning days that happen at random. 24 hours notice with paper signs posted 1 per block.Have fun on vacation. Might as well go straight to the impound lot.
It's apparently pronounced Behar, like Spanish or something.
Me too. Lol.
Close, but irony is how anvils taste.
Which is why private companies should not have the ability to boot a car. It only invites abuse. There is 0 reason anyone besides law enforcement officers should be able to disable your vehicle.
Can you explain the locksmithing thing?
That's what got me with the people walking up and talking to them as they were hooking the tow up. Just get in and have a seat. 
What if you didn't know there was a person it?  Like it was a van and someone is asleep in the back?
What about animals? say my pet dog.
The question though is whether they can choose not to use the boot and tow instantly.
They didnt get anything revoked. Got 80k in fines then got them reduced to 70...not 70k, just 70 dollars...
most tow truck have locking valve caps and its suicide to try and put a knife to one due to the tire pressures
Ok here's another.I had always heard a rumor that there was a chop shop going on in the auto bay.  One night I was off work. (Nobody worked there at night except people occasionally Doing late night cleanup.    I just happened to be in the neighborhood at 9-12:00 pm...don't really remember the exact time.   So I peek my head in the small 12x12 inch window on the steel back door, and no joke there's 3 guys sawsall-ing a car in half.   Honda Civic I think.    I was just like huh that's weird and left.
Eh...I think the company who owns the booters gets the other half,  the property owners just get free justice for people who are wrongfully parking.  Unfortunately people who made honest mistakes were victimized in the process.  The repeat offenders would get out of it by threatening the guys and having lookouts who would sound the alarm when the booters were around.
How many points would of give me in scrabble?
And result in less revenue.Speeding tickets are about revenue, not safety 
Oh sweet summer child
Meh, I'd rather see what Sacchan does all day
No one has time to read every law, monitor all local events, and set-up a sting operation. The police probably wouldn't even bother getting involved if it was the average joe setting it up anyway.This was a team of professionals paid to investigate the incident. It's a great win-win for local news media to go after scammers. Unfortunately, they're not very persistent and as it sounds like the company is back to its own tactics.
But you should still realize that local news is still owned and operated by the big boys.[here's a video from Conan of all places, showing just that](https://youtu.be/TM8L7bdwVaA)
> It is a dumb thing to say because it was a local news report.Except he was replying to a post which said it's a shame that major news networks don't bother with this stuff...
>If only somehow real journalism could make a come back. I think that's what we need.  People need to stop watching CNN, FOX, and MSNBC first. All three of them are garbage. Until that point, they are just going to keep spamming nonsense and talking heads until the end of time.
CNN BREAKING NEWS! Trump makes a Tweet. 
It's about money. We all say we want big time journalism, but in reality with the internet and a shift in culture there isn't nearly as much money in hard journalism. Easier to have a clickbait fake story or talk for 20 minutes about the President's tweets, because that gets people riled up and keeps them watching.
To which papers are you a paying subscriber?  That is how real journalism gets funded.
I can't speak for the rest of Texas but San Antonio and Austin are as cool as shit. San Antonio is the 7th largest city in the country and it's cheap as hell. Pull up some real estate on Zillow sometime, you'll be shocked. Been here off and on since 2006 and aren't planning on leaving again.  
1 minute prank with a 10 minute intro.
Texas is a one party consent state so this is perfectly legal. 
Depends.  If you're on public property you can record anything you want without anyone's permission (some places require a film permit).  This news station likely got permission from the bus station as well as the owner of the hidden area they were getting the long shot from.  
As Marketplace.
Yeah, NTV and CTV Calgary do good work too. Most of the local CTV affiliates do stuff like this, but on a national level, W5 is the king. Great great show. 
Don't forget enquete too who take down province eide corruption for breakfast.
Things can be done.  A lot of people are either just not aware or don't want to deal with the hassle.  Which is unfortunate.  I had my car illegally towed once, and I took the company to small claims.  It was $200 plus to get it released.  The $30 filing fee for small claims was well worth it.  I won and I got my money back.It was an easy case.  These companies bet on the fact that 99% of people will just pay the fine and move on.  And that's what usually happens.  If more people took the time though to learn the facts and take them to court, these companies wouldn't exist.  
This is an example of what kind of shit happens when you allow private citizens and companies the right to collect fines without due process.
honestly I'd love to park a shitty manual AWD car in gear somewhere that does this, watch them not flatbed it and send them a note for the damages + small claims. 
Somebody should hang out there andcwhen the toe truck comes and stops, let the air out of its tires. 
My car was towed one night, at my Orlando apartment complex, with temporary plates. I just went outside and couldn't find my car, I had to call the police to find out where it was (I thought it was stolen). When I got to the place I took a video of me talking with them and telling them they made a mistake and them saying, sorry you've got to pay... there was no tags, and then me walking over to the car and showing them the tags. They were still going to charge me until I threatened to call the police and show them the video. Fun 3 hours. 
I live in central FL. Can you message me the company name please? 
Which part of central Florida? Cocoa? I wanna watch out for these guys now. 
something similar happened to me in daytona...
TIL walk backwards when approaching a beach...
Daytona?
Here, take mine.   --------E
Calling /u/pitchforkemporium
Just called them and let em have it. Oops
Got towed in way back in high school. Was parked illegally for literally 30 seconds. Came out of my friends apartment and ended up chasing the tow truck with my Z attached throughout he complex. Dude was going 30+ over speed bumps to avoid me. Naive me had said friend take me and I just ended up paying the fine and saying fuck it...Few weeks later, same tow company is parked in a residential neighborhood of another friends place. I wasn't even in town but all of my friends were there. They saw the company logo. One friend had a crow bar in the bed of his truck... and yeah. Fuck predatory towing companies 
Most tow lots have barbed wire fence all the way around and some means of 24 hour surveillance either cameras or actually having security. Not that it can't be done, just not easily.
That is so fucking good to hear.
Greyhound doesn't care how the cars disappear, they just pay to make sure they do. It's not *their* fault. The same shit happens in my city too, though they wait 3 hours before towing, because the boot company and tow company are not affiliated. So the boot companies want the boot fees, so they boot anyone they can find, and then often try to extort more than the legal limit of $75 here. Sometimes up to $200. And nobody does shit about it because it's a city regulation, so the state agency that would handle tow operators doesn't have any standing to enforce it. And there are a couple shady tow operators here too. They don't boot. They just tow. Sometimes minutes after parking, often legally parked. But it's nearly impossible to prove, so they get away with it all the time. 
Why would they stop? They're obviously pieces of shit with no regard for morals. They got a slap on the wrist in this video, so I'm sure they figure they'll be okay. And like most shady companies like this, I'm sure they only hire questionable people that can't get jobs anywhere else that can easily be thrown under the bus if shit gets too bad. 
Why so?Not defensive.  Just genuinely curious.
Someone knows somebody
Gotta love when politicians can overrule the Judicial system
good catch, I skimmed through and missed that.
And they wonder why people just don't give a fuck about the law.Things like this do nothing but erode public confidence in our institutions.
It's stories like this when I wish the Punisher was a real person.
Because if its illegal and if fought they would probably lose the $250 or whatever it costs to get the car back (because their contractors acted illegally)? - its going to cost them more if they don't???
I SAID $30
Don't order the [Skip's Scramble](http://imgur.com/a/Ggmpz)
We need name of the commissioners and the people who appointed them
It really seems like no one should be able to overrule a judge except another judge 
It's tow trucks all the way down. 
If every single wrongful tow was a quick 1000 bucks and lawyer fees you would have a wave of contingency lawyers crushing these companies, it wouldn't matter the fines. The stacking legal fees just to defend yourself would scare the crooks off
Does this mean they can bypass the booting and just skip right to the towing? The video left this open-ended.
Apparently not too long ago a tow truck driver in Texas shot and killed the owner of a vehicle he was attempting to tow after the owner got in the truck and put it in gear while the tow driver was distracted.Nothing immediately came of it because the driver was assumed to be defending his property. It's a fine line, but there is precedent.
[Apparently Texas is okay with killing to prevent theft.](http://www.dallasobserver.com/news/defending-your-tow-truck-is-a-legitimate-reason-to-kill-someone-in-dallas-7124636)
> you can't shoot someone in defense of propertyIn Texas, you sure can.  
They should have called another company to boot his towing truck
Wish they could have booted and towed him too. lul
It's really real
Maybe the tow truck driver was legally towing that vehicle. If not, then yeah...
So long as the sold alcohol is not consumed on premises, its legal.
Nope
Sounds like they love to excuse that crap as, Well, if you would just take public transportation everywhere, you wouldn't have to worry about it!As much as I like the idea of public transportation, its just not practical for everyone. Especially those with larger daily load requirements e.g., purchases, kids, etc. Much less if you need to commute very far. :/
But muh free market
We had two operations, Boot and Tow, but never combined the two as the laws where i worked at they had 24 hours to pay up. Only operation that involved boot and tow was Repo. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjjdK9HveoIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOb8dWQkF5Ehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzrbZJTTOxshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpK9cRlhETQtl;dw - People don't know locksmiths until they need one, so they google one and get lots of Local locksmith! Fast! Only $50! companies that are frequently all owned by the same company. They give you a quote, and send a guy out who shows up in his Honda, is completely unlicensed and doesn't actually have any real locksmithing experience. They fuck around waiting for you to get even colder and more frustrated, then use power tools to destroy your door and then sell you a lock for hundreds of dollars (because what are you going to do, leave your house with no doorknob on it?). Then they tell you you owe them way more, and if you refuse they threaten to call the cops or send a guy out to intimidate you. My favorite is the guy who wants to drag the woman down to an ATM to make her withdraw money.Oh and it's all cash-based so you know what that means.Life pro tip: Find a locksmith in your area *today* and keep them in mind. Put them in your phone. No seriously do it. If the place doesn't have an actual brick and mortar store, **do not use them.****EDIT:** This one is probably the best. It's where they learn that these companies all have sham addresses or are owned by the same umbrella shitbird: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpK9cRlhETQ
Crooked tow companies get away with shit all the time because people don't know the regulations.
yes they can, they use the boot so if the owner comes back before the truck gets there they can't leave.
> due to the tire pressuresYep, anywhere from 80-120 psi depending on models. [Case in point.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enRKvjKr7l0)
>How many points would of give me in scrabble?FTFY.  Words go inside of quotation marks when they are the subject or object of the sentence.  See [Quotation Marks](http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/quotes.asp) fpr more information.
Don't you know? SACCHAN IS RAPID!
tank you mr sacchan bork bork
THAT VIDEO GOT REMOVED DUE TO A COPY RIGHT CLAIM.Im so mad, its from the 90's. who's claiming copyright on this wierd ass report. I wanted to go back and watch fat loveable sacchanBUT IT WAS PULLED. >:I
Yep, there it is. Also how to get gold out of a box.
OK, I'm guilty, and I was wrong.  Sorry sigaven, I didn't read your comment in context. Thanks, DVS, for setting me straight.
You forgot all the shitty online sites. Reddit is notorious for upvoting anything that goes with their beliefs. Confirmation bias at its worst.
Important to note though that local affiliates of the major networks cover stuff like this all the time. Every NYC affiliate has an entire team devoted to exposing shady bullshit of this nature and it's great. 
Done and done :)
FOX BREAKING NEWS! Trump makes a tweet (get ready to cum!!) 
Check your local towing laws. In Arizona if your car gets towed, just show up and demand your vehicle back and to have them send you a bill. The towing company will say you can't have your vehicle until you pay, but you just say, no, take my license number/contact info and send me the bill and give me my vehicle.When they say no, ask them if you have to call an officer to come out make them comply with the law. They will say, go ahead and call, we know the law the law says you have to pay to get your vehicle back.Call the police dept non-emergency number, request an officer and explain your situation. They will dispatch one to your location.Wait, it may take up to an hour depending on availability.When they arrive, the towing company will surrender your car, and the odds are that they won't even send you a bill, because they know if you're smart enough to know the law on this, you're smart enough to know that they won't spend any money disputing the bill in court or fighting you on it at all.They have waaay too many other clueless people to rip off who won't know the law, and will pay to get their vehicle back.*The^More^You^Know...*
>These companies bet on the fact that 99% of people will just pay the fine and move on. And that's what usually happens.true and even more true with smaller amounts of moneylast year i got booted while in my own apartment complex because snow was covering my windshield and they couldnt see my parking permit so they just assumed i didnt have one i guess? i called the apartment staff and they ended up refunding me the money (65  dollars) because they had it on file that i had a permit but they still told me to pay the security companyi wasnt about to take them to court for 65 dollars and i assume most people would be in the same boat even if they knew they could prove their innocence 
> These companies bet on the fact that 99% of people will just pay the fine and move on. And that's what usually happens.The same tactic is employed by patent trolls. They know exactly that what they're doing is unlawful but they sustain themselves on people that don't put up a fight and just pay. It's disgusting how some people take advantage of others like that.
If someone tried to illegally tow me you better bet my ass I'm gonna dispute the charges. That shady shit pisses me off. I'm glad you got your money back!
Doesn't always work.My sister is still trying to collect on 400 bucks a shitty land lord owes her, from 3 years ago.
Sad thing is getting 230 back in court might not be worth some peoples time or they don't have the time for it. yea to some it could be a days pay but then you are asking them to spend a whole day to get that days pay back or even more and that's where they get you. They play the game of making it just enough money to profit but not enough for them to fight it.
You got your car back, and then sure them? Or your car stayed with them, and was then released after? 
Why is it the responsibility of people with limited time and resources to stop practices that are illegal. YOU had time.   And one might suppose maybe you feel smart about not being taken advantage of. Taken advantage of is the root here.   That shouldn't be allowed to exist.  An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. To be honest with you,  these types thrive on people like you.   Since you are the exception,  a few of you showing up makes this seem like an honest mistake,  and not a pattern of abuse.   As long as they seem contrite about these few times they made a mistake,  and hey,  the best of us makes them,  then it's all good. business runs as usual, nothing changes,  it's swept under a rug and into a black hole.  the root of the problem doesn't change,  and the perverted system still works. 
You could only get your money back?  You didn't get to file extra for the inconvenience? 
If I caught someone illegally towing my car I'd just go ahead and draw a gun since they are committing grand theft auto right there. Hold them until police arrive. 
It's not a fine it's a charge for the tow service and storage.
I saw this the other day. They have some kind of dollies they put them on for awd vehicles.
and then have it towed for illegal parking
boot it for obstructing traffic.
Thanks DMG*proceeds to sharpen*
damn you I spent way too long trying to fill in the missing letters.
I wonder how hard it would be to make your own boot. Just going around town looking for those companies and booting their tow trucks
And suddenly thousands of redditors see the logic of anarchy, even if just for a fleeting second.
Molotovs. We've all played GTA, no excuse.
It is a good question, because Texas has just about the largest regulatory system for specialized businesses of any state in the country. The fact that it's Republican-run and conservative doesn't make it a libertarian paradise. 
Texas is stereotypically seen as staunchly conservative, or Republican if going by politics. Republicans are generally against regulation. 
Like when governors and presidents can issue pardons, give clemency, that type of thing?
Contractor would pay, state wouldn't pay for shit. Plus, it sounds like they have a built in loop hole. If they boot and toe they have to wait 24 hours, too allow for someone to pay for the reduced boot fine. But if they tow, and then hold their car hostage but waive thetow charge, only charge theboot charge then they aren't breaking the law because the citizen can still just pay the reduced fine. However that tow company can probably set whatever amount theboot charge is to begin with. Ultimately fucking with everyone cause they're scum. Ninja edit: pitchforks at the ready. 
hey that's 3.75 $8 Southern [Chicken Slugger](https://www.dennys.com/food/2-4-6-8/8-southern-chicken-slugger/) meals... only 3,360 calories...
And a list of their fears
Turtle Towing 
wow. what a state. really living up to its reputation.Edited my post. 
I knew it!
Damn. Never really thought about it before since I haven't ever needed a locksmith, but I'm definitely going to be weary if in the future I ever do need one.
I would subscribe to that news show though for real.  I love distracting non-news
Pfft!  Get a load of THIS guy
You have to dig through the sources and figure out what's true vs what's not true. It's just as bad as twitter and facebook.
You're right my local Fox News station is pretty mid ground. It's just the main channels where they try to be 24/7 breaking news and they end up filling time with talking heads and garbage headlines.
HUFFPO BREAKING NEWS! Trump makes a tweet, and why it means he's a Nazi. 
Any other states where this is true?
And knowing is half the battle.....Yoooooo Joe!
they win because who has hours to wait around for cops and court claims and so onespecially low-income people are probably hourly wage slaves and don't have the freedom to wait to win a battle.
How much would it cost to buy a billboard with state specific laws about towing? Especially in areas like the one in the video?
> Call the police dept non-emergency number, request an officer and explain your situation. They will dispatch one to your location.Does everyone live in a better part of town than me?!
Where do you learn this stuff?
>it seems like someone could make absolute bank by illegally booting a ton of cars for 50-100 dollars since i doubt anyone is going to take them to court for such a small amount of money even if they knew they could prove their innocenceThat's the big issue and it's why these predatory companies can exist.  Government regulations only do so much.  Look at this scenario.  Multiple fines written, multiple misdemeanors....but the company is still in business.  Six years after this video aired.  And they are still skirting the law with predatory businesses tactics.  More people need to take action against bullshit like this, rather than just bitching about it.  If you don't take action, there won't be a change.
If someone illegally tows my car I'm filling auto theft charges. If it's not legal for them to take my car then they are committing a criminal office. I'm not just going to pay them and go after the lost money. I'm making sure these thieves spend some time in jail. Grand theft auto is a fairly serious crime. A few repeated charges of that and I doubt they would still be in operation. Granted where I live that's unlikely to happen.
She should file a [lien](http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/what-property-lien.html) against his property. 
Courts are slow.  He paid to get his car out, then sued them for the money back.  Hopefully they'd let you add on more upto the maximum for small claims to stop this bullshit kind of behavior.
Paid the fee, got it back, then sued.  
If the car stayed, he'd have to pay a storage fee of like $100-200/day. By the time the court date arrives, he'd probably owe thousands.
>Why is it the responsibility of people with limited time and resources to stop practices that are illegal.Because PEOPLE change things.  When PEOPLE stand TOGETHER they are a force to be reckoned with.  >To be honest with you, these types thrive on people like you. Since you are the exception, a few of you showing up makes this seem like an honest mistake, and not a pattern of abuse. As long as they seem contrite about these few times they made a mistake, and hey, the best of us makes them, then it's all good. business runs as usual, nothing changes, it's swept under a rug and into a black hole.I completely disagree.  I'm hardly an exception.  I wasn't making a good income back when this happened.  I was barely making above minimum wage.  I prioritized for that time though.  I understand many others can't do that, but there are enough who CAN who are able to stand up and stop these businesses practices....but they aren't willing.  
Depending on the circumstance and jurisdiction and a bunch of other stuff I am not qualified to talk about, a judge can/may *sometimes* award punitive damages as well.
For which the owner did not request.So it is a fine or ransom.
It's not a fine it's an involuntary valet service fee.
They can use dollies, but a snatch and grab tower is likely going to take the risks and not use dollies, because most car owners don't know anything about cars.
I've got these cool ones from Europe that you can also use. -----
I just happen to be selling torches. . . Just saying.
Shit, do you think I might have sharpened mine too much?--------->
It's a lot easier when no one's there to protect the property.And also, if anarchy was the rule of the land, tow companies would just take your car when you're not looking.
so how can this company still have its business license? 
> The fact that it's Republican-run and conservative doesn't make it a libertarian paradise. Well yeah, how would you get a libertarian paradise by letting conservatives run everything? 
And for local control, except when local control puts regulations in place that hurt Greg Abbot's bottom  line.  Then they make regulations that undermine local control by banning regulations
I find the small scale local shit more insidious. Most people hear about it when a governor/president pardons someone. When local governments pull this shit you rarely ever hear about it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_equivalence
This is what happens when you legally allow private citizens and companies to extort others.
Bingo. The licensing itself is done to a regulated standard. If that standard is met, the state gets its money and from there it's someone else's problem. 
Life pro tip right there, I want to know too 
Yes we need to know!
Just check your own state laws and city ordinance. They are easy enough to look through online for all states and most cities.
Maybe google your local towing laws?
Stop all the downloadin!
double tap to the head of the driver and spotter. problem solved.
When the consequences are a pittance breaking the law is just good business.
I ended up dealing with this in a different sense than towing. I was caught speeding by a traffic camera and 3 weeks later I got a notice in the mail. The picture was just of the rear of my car and said I was going 15-25mph over the limit. I thought it was a bit weird since they usually take a front facing picture to prove you were the one driving and it's more accurate than 10mph. It looked official, had a Sergeant signature as a sign off, and it wasn't until I turned it over and read the fine, grayed out, print where it said that this does not count toward my driving record or go to a collections agency. Looked it up and even the mayor of the city said that they don't go after anyone and it's a 3rd party company that they use (still) but the ones that county uses won't send a letter like the one I received. The company pays fines monthly to keep the cameras up in illegal areas, gets your information from public records, and then sends you a ticket that looks official enough to pay the $75-125 just to not have to drive back to the state and fight it. So they just rake in money off of peoples fear of charges and them not wanting to read everything.I just didn't pay it, talked to my friend in the local police to check my record and nothing has popped up in 5 months. 
How? When licenses are required for almost every single profession (all the way down to hairdressers), how do we let predatory companies get away with this shit. I'm genuinely curious- do you not have to be licensed to operate a towing company. And, if you do, why isn't that shit revoked immediately upon being convicted of such predatory shit?? I'm sure there 10000 other people that would love to make money by starting a legit towing company in its place. 
Gov't regulations only do so much because they are often toothless and lack proper funding to protect the public from predatory business practices.  
I'm surprised they don't have their tires slashed at regular intervals or something of the sort.  
Found the person who's never had to deal with this in their life before.
If we're talking USA it's unlikely they'd take a stolen vehicle report. It's a civil matter.
Lmao tough responses like this crack me up. As if you get to call the cops and say, 'cops they have taken mine car, charge this tow truck company employee with Grande Theft Auto. And then the cops wheel off the big bad tow truck guy like scooby doo and the gang just pulled off his swamp thing mask! But really, it's a civil matter. Depending on where you live, this guy's comment on getting your car back might be true. Unfortunately the car towing industry is racket and in most states you'll have to pay to get your car out and deal with it in court after.  This is just one way they push limits.Some places have rules against them showing up at accident sites and offering services. In lots of states this illegal but it doesn't stop them. If you're dumb enough to not ask the tow company if they're the one you just called for through your insurance, and you let them tow you (either because you're dumb or in shock from aforementioned accident), you can still get a bill for a 5k tow. It's a huge problem in Kansas City in particular.  Even though it's illegal for them to offer the services, some judges have upheld  that once you accept the oral contract you're on the hook despite the illegal predator practices. Most don't bother fighting it tho
I wish I was rich so I could gild this. Hey, everyone! Appreciate how fantastic this guy is! Also his username is adorable!
Now selling my patented pitchtorch! Torch on one end, pitchfork on the other! Perfect for fucking up those who have ethically wronged you. 
Welcome to austin. The lege hates us. 
Shouldn't be hard to look up your area's parking laws.
Porkchop sandwiches!!
r/iamverybadass
Can you legally pull a gun a claim self defense? This is theft.
What really pisses me off about this is that this is at a Greyhound station, so a lot of the people getting hit by this aren't necessarily easily able to afford the fine. They're basically preying on one of the most vulnerable groups they could find. 
It's this scamming? Are the collecting fines on the cities behalf? Do they have the rights to collect money? 
Which is pretty baffling. It's indistinguishable from theft. 
[Here's](https://i.imgur.com/sy9lVl4.jpg) the best I could do!
got burned by said pitchfork... do not buy... ~------
I dont know if it's legal but I bet if more people did that the bad behavior would stop.
In TX you can use deadly force to protect property from being stolen, but I doubt any judge would rule that towing qualifies as theft.
i don't think all states allow you to use force to prevent a robbery
I'm sure you could in texas.  I don't know the rules in florida.
Depends heavily on the state's castle doctrine.In Texas you might could, but here in 'bama I can only draw on felonies, not misdemeanors.
Well, yah, poor people are easier to take advantage of. You don't want to be booting BMWs and Maseratis or you'll pretty soon be paying aggravated damages and psychological trauma compensation to the owner's law firm. 
It's private property towing, business owners can have your vehicle removed for almost any reason they deem necessary. The public can choose to not use their services and shower them with scorn. Usually cities require some kind of signage though. Good luck getting their licensing revoked. It's a bunch of bullshit. 
Though it technically is *illegal* towing.
If it is indeed illegal towing, you would be off the hook.
What if you give warning first? Like  I am telling you one more time to release my car that you are about to steal or you will get my lead inside yoir head. 
Texas definitely does though
Course not. Considering shit holes like NYC need a permit to own a gun in your home and the rest of the state isn't much better. 
They weren't talking about unethical practices. They were talking about illegal practices. If they aren't legally authorized to tow a vehicle then towing that vehicle is indistinguishable from theft. 
> It's private property towing, business owners can have your vehicle removed for almost any reason they deem necessary.But if the business owner wasn't involved and/or doesn't care; wouldn't it be theft then?
David Tenant will always be my Doctor.
Tennant is one actor I will always enjoy.
Imagine the clips from Jessica Jones that would have been included.  What an amazing actor
I can't lie, I broke down in tears when he realized he was surrounded by all the people he saved
Here's his [acceptance speech] (https://youtu.be/BWusxIrw2mA)
If you haven't seen it, do youself a favor and find a copy of Hamlet from 2009.  David Tennant in the title role, Patrick Stewart as Claudius and The Ghost.  It's shown briefly in the video a couple times.It's a made for TV release, but it's designed as a stage production, with the exception of some exterior shots.  And it's *fantastic.*  Tennant plays Hamlet with a depth and complexity that I don't think has ever been done before, at least not at this level.  And opppsite him is Patrick Stewart, who does his best to chew up the scenery as well as Tennant.  If you're a Shakespeare fan, it's one of the best perfromances out there.  If you're not a Shakespeare fan, watch it anyway for the acting.
That girl next to him, is she his daughter from that doctor who episode? Are they together?
He's such a genuine person. And it really shows in his acting.This one makes me cry every time.
If you haven't watched Broadchurch is really amusing serie. 
No you're crying
All that build-up to I'm so glad I didn't get stuck in traffic!, cue enhanced laugh track and cut clip... Hey NTA, what if I wanted to hear what he had to say?
Thought of him, went back to continue to watch doctor who, remembered that it was his successor that made me quit
Doctor, my doctor
What the hell is the camera guy doing at 4:28
David Tennant will always be my Barty Crouch Jr. 
[deleted]
HIS FACE HE WAS SO SURPRISED AND SO HAPPY I'M GOING TO CRY
[Needs more cake ](https://youtu.be/NY7FgKWeV5U) 
The man who didn't want to go.
I love how 'He is a decent human being could either be complimentary or actually mildly insulting.Really fantastic video and actor though.
What a QT 3.14
Still can't believe he married his daughter 
He is THE DOCTOR to me.  Favorite of all time.
He really is an amazing actor. By far the best Doctor from Doctor who, amazing on Broadchurch, and he made one amazing villain in Jessica Jones. Really commanding presence in an role he plays.
Love him. He is fantastic and they are so right in how natural he is as an actor, such a chameleon. Personally I'd LOVE to see him be the lead in a Star Wars project (preferably a series) like Knights of the Old Republic. Let him play a character like Kyle Katarn or even better; Darth Revan. Let him ride that line between good and evil, let him show his range while also being a badass with a laser sword & the force.  
David Tennant is just such a likable human. It's funny. I don't think it's possible not to love him as the Doctor. It's just too innocent and lovable of a role. But even his darker roles, like in Jessica Jones. Where he's legitimately crazy and evil. You still kinda want to root for him.
That for some reason hit me right in the feelz. David might be my new role model, to have that many people care about you that much must mean you're doing something right.
Love you TEN!!
he is a special actor and a decent human being.  
David Tennant, what an incredibly attractive man.
So fantastic...love this guy
Pretty sure I got more emotional than him when I watched that video. I don't wanna go. Still cry every time I see that.
How fucking cute is that man!?! God damn. Plus, his wife is a smoke show.
He was filming a show here in Victoria BC a while back, and while I'm disappointed I never ran into him, I've spoken to a few people who did happen to meet him, apparently he's a super amazing guy.  He just seems so genuine, nothing fake about him.It's an amazing actor that can be that good of a person, and yet can play such an amazing villain.
A friend of mine from high school went with her husband and two kids to meet him at a convention. Her daughter became very shy and nervous when it was their turn so he let them step aside and gave her time to relax a little so she wouldn't miss it. My friend said he was very kind and patient. Her kids were about 7 and 9 at the time.
I still love when [he did hamlet.](https://youtu.be/xYZHb2xo0OI) 
Absolutely beautiful. Truly deserving. I've never seen David Tennant act in anything I haven't enjoyed. He's a remarkable human being. 
ELLO FATHA
What song is playing in the background?
What a rollercoaster of emotions.
Damn, every time I watch this, I shed a tear.
Wow, thanks for sharing, hadn't seen this. My allergies are crying...
I just love David Tennant. I've been a fan for years and he has always seemed like a genuinely nice guy.
Picture in picture in picture. 
skip to 0:36, they send an usher to remove an unattractive old lady from the frame
I love when deserving artists are recognized. It happens so infrequently these days.
I was so incredibly lucky and got to be the liaison for our hospital when they did filming for Gracepoint -- the American Broadchurch. I got to watch the filming of the morgue scene and be on site for all the set up, filming, and take down to make sure production crews adhered to our codes, and expectations. Luckiest week of work ever. Wasn't able to tell him I loved his Barty Crouch ... Or get any time to talk as it feels wrong to disturb someone in their place of work ... but I did get to watch the magic and that was pretty awesome. 
Watching Tennant's reaction with a video inset of what's playing on the screen with a smaller inset showing Tennant's reaction.  \#Insetion
> He's a great actor, and a *decent* human being.You know, he could do better in several areas of being human, but I give him a pass. C+\- Billie Piper
The videos they play for these...are they maybe a bit...long?Totally appropriate for the body of work these actors have, but the format of 'lets have this massive crowd of attendees all sit in silence for 6+ minutes to watch' is a bit weird.
For anyone that hasn't seen [Broadchurch,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngsFOWAPTDI) you should watch it. It's fantastic, and heartbreaking.
I feel like I'm watching whatever the opposite is of a mans heart breaking
If there is any such thing as the perfect face for expressing awe, he's got it.
He's so uniquely good looking.
JESSICAH
great actor, great people, he deserves the recognition and respect he gets. give him a knighthood 
Could anyone possibly tell me the song that is playing at the start?Thanks!Edit: I quit being lazy and did some research myself. Song is Stay Awake by London Grammar
I will have never appreciated another actor like I have this man, his appearances on stage and in shows have made me laugh, cry and beam from happiness. I honestly believe all his friends and colleagues had to say, that he's all round just a wonderful person.
This made me cry. Seeing him cry made me cry. He is such an amazing actor, definitely deserves every award he gets! I can't fault him for any of his work :)
Thanks, Reddit. I guess I needed a good cry.
I remember seeing this and all the nostalgic feelings for when I was obsessed with DT back in school came flooding back. God I still have a massive celebrity crush on him. He's just such a lovely guy!
The problem is that he's such a good actor we wouldn't know if he knew ahead of time or not 
David stop you're making us cry too
#MyDoctor
Allons-y!
I hope to one day be like David Tennant..... by getting a wife 13 years younger than me.
Awww, his expression is the sweetest. Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry... Aw the hell with it.
The love of my life.
David seems like a genuinely sweet man.
The guy deserves it. He really is incredibly entertaining to watch, whatever he's in. And he plays one of my all time favourite villains as well.
I was shocked when Jim Broadbent said he was David's father at the end. Haven't seen a twist like that since Star Wars.
This felt authentic.It was nice.
But he can travel through time in his tardis?  How wouldn't he know he was getting the award?
Deserved every moment of that. Such an incredible and rare moment for a man that has made an appearance in many peoples lives.
What a wonderful vid, thanks for bringing it to our attention
35 seconds in....A special actor and a DECENT human being. I think what she is trying to say is don't quit your day job David. Who edited this showed quite these for allowing that comment in the final draft...JUST SAYING! Congrats Dave.
God damnit I love that man. Hands down my all time favorite Doctor, from the old series or the new. 
I bloody love this man. I loved him as My Doctor and what an amazing talent. 
My hero.
Watch the second best who episode of last season was the greatest who episode of season 9, e11.
And this is why there is no such thing as too many safety precautions or too many backups when an experiment puts someone at risk.
Love him!  
god I love him
this video makes me wish for the sub /r/candidreaction
Bertie Crouch Jr. Loved the short time he was on as him!
Such a sweetie
Should play Elodin in *The Name of the Wind*.
That was an even better acceptance speech than Joe Pesci's. 
>You'd love him.    I do...
I'm so glad the video cut short before he gave a speech. 
Hey NTA, what if I wanted to live his life up to that point as that character.
I recognized him as the bad dude from Jessica Jones. 
Is that Hans Gruber?
4m 22s, even the camera man tears up . 
Holy crap is this the bad guy from Harry Potter? I told my wife, this guy is a good actor they should give him more work. Never imagined that he had such a great acting career.
God I love him so much. He's an amazing actor.
I'll be honest I like the guy a lot in Jessica Jones but I honestly want to say he's a fantastic individual 
Wow, actors have feelings too. Thats what I got out of this video. 
HSHAHHAHAA THAT TREAFFIC LINE WAS FUKIN GOLD
By FAR the best doctor.
Although I will say I am enjoying the tone of the show since Peter Capaldi took the reins. And IMO the second last episode of last season was the greatest who episode of all time. I dont believe any other doctor could have conveyed the gravity of that episode as well as Capaldi. 
I still get the feels whenever I hear I don't want to go.
Thank God he left before Moffat took over.
And *my* Hamlet. 
Exactly. Smith, Hurt, and Capaldi were all amazing, and portrayed the Doctor fantastically, but I started the show with Tennant, so his Doctor will always be mine. 
Fully agree. I just feel like I have this connection with his Doctor. I mean Matt Smith was an excellent Doctor, but Tenant make me laugh and cry in the same episode, and even the same scene. 
David Tennant is easily the best doctor, and the doctor who actually got me hooked to the show. With Chris, I was watching, and he did a good job, but wasn't hooked. David sealed the deal and made me a fan. He seems like such a genuine person too. What a great human~
**NOTMYDOCTOR**
You misspelled Tom Baker!
No that would be David Byrne in Once in a Lifetime.
Came here to say exactly that!
As a Canadian I apologize but I have never heard of this man before in my life. Edit: I have never watched Dr Who or Jessica Jones either. Apparently I'm an idiot.  Edit 2: Yes.... Harry Potter, I understand.Edit 3: Yes.... Broadchurch, I understand.
His job on Jessica Jones was great. An amazing villain.  
KillGrave was scary because he just rubbed you the wrong way correctly. He knew he had the upper hand on Jessica Jones. It was like a creepy ex making his bidding with a girl.
JessicAAAAAA!
JESSICAAAA!!!!!
STAHP JESSI-CAAAHHHHH
I can't believe they didn't add those in. Talk about making characters his own. Jesus Christ what a chilling character that you somehow wanted to pity. 
I think the award exclusively covered work he's done in the UK, so it makes sense that Jessica Jones got left out of the clips. Still amazing as Kilgrave and an amazing actor in general. 
Aaaand, we've gone meta.
Bravo
I teared up whenever his dad was complimenting him at the end. I don't have a bad relationship with my dad or anything, but something about father-son bonds makes me all misty eyed. Theoden finding out his son is dead, the end of Johnny Cash's A Boy Named Sue, *especially* Cats in the Cradle. Not sure why, just gets me every time. 
Starts 49 sec in.
Came to the comments for this. Doing gods work. 
What a grounded and sincere guy
Thank you - was actually angry it wasn't included. Reddit pulls through as usual.
PBS has it streaming online for free:http://www.pbs.org/wnet/gperf/hamlet-full-episode/980/#They've also got Patrick Stewart playing Macbeth.(Edit: You probably have to be American to view it. Go learn about VPNs if you're not and really want to see.)
Was lucky enough to see it live at the RSC. Different level
I second this! That production of Hamlet is amazing. That Ophelia was brilliant, too.
You might want to check out his Much Ado About Nothing. Has a companion in it as well. 
David Tennant's Hamlet broke my heart. Does anyone know where you find a copy of Richard II online? Been dying to see him in that role!
Yep! That's the episode they met and now they're married. She's also steven Moffat daughter,  one of the writers for the show.    Edit: daughter of Peter Davidson*  who was the 5th doctor
That facial expressions tells me she knew. She's trying not to smile every time he looks away at the start.
Doctor Who incestPeter Davison (Doctor Who 5) daughter is Georgia Moffett (Doctors Daughter).David Tennant (Doctor Who 10) married Georgia Moffett (Doctors Daughter).
She plays his daughter in the show Doctor Who, and she is the daughter of a previous doctor. So the doctor married his daughter who is the doctors daughter playing the doctors daughter. 
like dis if u cry evertim
I'm assuming you meant amazing and not amusing.
Is season 2 good? It's been a while since I saw the first but I do recall that I did enjoy it, even though I remember little.
Who me?  No you!
I'm crying so hard. I have never seen him in doctor who, I know who he is, but he's not a favorite of mine. But damn. Watching him look around at the people that are in the video and his little kid type frown where he's trying not to cry... I must watch everything he's is. I love him now. 
Here's the whole speech: https://youtu.be/BWusxIrw2mA
It was broadcast live, no enhanced laugh track.
I believe earlier in the night someone else actually got stuck in traffic and couldn't receive their award. That's why everyone laughs at his joke. Sounds fake but it wasn't. 
Oh god, I burst into tears at the end of Ten's run when he says, I don't want to go! cause you know it was completely genuine, not only for the character but for him personally. Definitely my Doctor.
Same here.  Felt like things went tits up when Matt arrived.  Even the fans changed.  Feels weird to dislike fans of the same show that you love.  Never felt that way for any of the other Doctors.
Yeah compared to Tennant Matt is the pretty boy that I could never understand. Capaldi's newest season though brought me back
Watch the second last episode of season 9, e11. It was rated the second best who episode of all time, and is by far my favorite. Capaldi's role had a slow start, but he brings a completely different vibe to the series. Serious, dark, and gloomy. 
I quit too.  But I recently went back and Matt Smith does a decent job.  Think it took the break to let me mourn Tennant before I could see that.  But David is THE Doctor.  Best of all of them.
I Loved Matt Smith as the Doctor.  But words can't describe how much I love David Tennant. He is better than Matt Smith by miles and miles and miles. But SMith was fucking great. In My opinion.
Started watching Doctor Who with Matt Smith, and he's my favorite doctor. Then it was his successor that made me quit. I don't there's anything wrong with the actors, it's just that it's hard to fully accept a new one.That and the writing has slowly gotten worse over time.
Overcome with lust and couldn't wait until he was alone. 
Seemed that camera was more to put the picture in picture on the screen at the awards.  He was probably just repositioning it because Tenant's wife was out of shot and since it wasn't being aired at the time he wasn't worrying about being smooth about it.  Then they released the full video so we could see his entire reaction.
I was going to comment that the cameraman was impressive for holding it together for four and a half minutes before having to reposition. Carrying 10kg on your shoulder, suddenly put into a crouch while having to wear a tuxedo and dress shoes tends to put your limbs to sleep after 2-3minutes.(and as u/eeyore134 mentioned.. he wasn't on-air at the time. We're looking at an iso (isolation) recording that they use for post-production and videos like this.)
Really? Because one of my only problems with that film is that there isn't enough Tennant (and also that Crouch seemingly vanishes for the rest of the series, even after the Azkaban break out? )
Simon Pegg might actually be funnier as Simon Pegg than as any character he's ever played.
The interviewers over-exaggerated listening comes off as very insincere, it's very annoying. Always reminds me of [this SNL sketch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3lEPL1nzYI).
Don't you fucking dare man. Not again.
Amazing actor and an *okay* human being
You really need to update QuickTime.
Broadchurch, the was some good shit
He needs to be on screen at all times as far as I'm concerned.
He did a short arc on the Star Wars: Clone Wars series as a droid that the Jedi used  after The Gathering to teach younglings how to assemble lightsabers.I will admit to being quite giddy suddenly hearing his voice as a guest star.
Wow, never heard of the guy...yet after that video, I wish I could know such a beautiful human being!
> Plus, his wife is a smoke show.Fun fact: She is Peter Davison (The 5th Doctor ^^^^^^^and ^^^^^^^David's ^^^^^^^favorite ) daughter, [and was the Doctor's Daughter in one episode.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Doctor%27s_Daughter)
I've seen him walking around Stratford upon Avon before, everyone who's interacted with him says he's a nice guy.
It's London Grammar - Stay awake
We need to go deeper.
I think that 'old lady' is Julie Walters. Maybe they came to take her backstage to present an award or something.
Can't blame them for moving an open mouth gum smacker.
For a standard award yes. As they have a lot to go through. But the special recognition is in the title. It's special so deserves a bit longer. 
That first series was perfect and I still listen to the Olafur Arnald score all the time.
Make it!
Reading *Name of the Wind* for the first time at the moment. Tennant would be great. I saw someone suggest Lee Pace and I think he'd also be great (but I gotta root for my fellow Brits!)
Christopher Eccleston was also magnificent and Matt Smith was certainly good.
Pshh, John Hurt would like a word with you.
Tennant + Davis = magic
He was brilliant, but I can't say that he was by FAR the best. Tom Baker was also excellent, as was Matt Smith.... 
Meh,  he was standing on the shoulders on the likes of Patrick Troughton, Jon Pertwee, and Tom Baker that really created the standards for what it meant to be a regeneration of the Doctor. 
He's a terrible doctor. In fact, he's actually an actor!
Not even the third best Doctor.
Capaldi absolutely has the capacity to be as good as David Tennant, but the writing for his Doctor has been comparatively abysmal. They've squandered him.
I'll always enjoy Doctor Who but David Tennant will remain my favorite.
That was the Hell of a Bird one I'm guessing, yeah that was one of the greatest sci if stories ever written in any medium IMO
I haven't watched since Smith left, but could I just watch the episode you mentioned by itself and know what's going on, or do I need to watch the whole season? If it's that good then I'd like to see it
;-;
His best episodes were mostly Moffat episodes though
> As a Canadian I apologizeChecks out
He's twenty thousand times more famous in the Doctor Who fandom, but he's still a decently renowned actor. If you're into nerdy stuff then I might suggest Jessica Jones on Netflix. He plays the villain and does a fantastic job.
If you prefer less nerdy fare, watch Broadchurch.
Never watched Dr. Who, but he was amazing in Jessica Jones, really the only reason I kept watching the show.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEWQ3AXrgIHe's also in Harry Potter. Barty Crouch Jr
*Barty Crouch...* **JUNIOR**
As a Canadian I am going to have to ask you to move to Quebec. Sorry.
As an Englishman, do they not have the internet where you're from?
If you can find the hamlet they did for the BBC then watch it. Brilliant. 
He, honestly, should have been nominated for a Golden Globe (its like the oscars in the u.s. that does tv, also) for his role. HE was fucking creepy as shit....
Nor Ducktales the Reboot
Harry Potter? He was a bad guy
Please tell me you don't just watch Canadian programs. I love our country to death but most of the shows we make up here are garbage.
as a canadian, I'm telling you.. you really need to watch dr who
Why 'As a Canadian'? I'm a Canadian and I know an almost creepy amount about him as an actor. 
I'm Canadian can confirm, you're an idiot. 
American checking in...never heard of him either.
He was Barty Crouch's son in Harry Potter, too!
As an Aussie, me neither.Looks like a good actor though.
He was also in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire as Barty Crouch Junior. 
Screw Doctor Who, Broadchurch was cinematic porn. And if you're into procedural crime dramas / character drama / well conceived settings, it's good at those too. On Netflix, WATCH IT! Or don't, this is an internet comment, not your boss.
I really enjoyed him in Casanova 
or harry potter?
I overall hated the show (the protagonists made too many unbelievably dumb mistakes), but watched to the very end because Tennant was so good in his role.
Creeped me the fuck out so yes...he was awesome!
Killgrave was perfect because he was just a selfish dude with powers.  He used them to get what he wanted, when he wanted it, and he never really seemed to have some master plan with a major end goal.  All he wanted was to live his life in his own little sick, sadistic way, and he became more and more desensitized with his own evil intentions.He acted realistically in a way you'd expect a horrible person with those powers would, which is why I think a lot of people enjoyed him as a villain.  He was believable, which is pretty terrifying when you think of it.Jessica Jones may have been meh, but Killgrave was the character that made that show. 
NAOW JessicAAAAAA
Jessica Jones didn't air until almost a year after he received the award.
r/videosthatendtooearly 
He's Scottish. If you aren't grounded there to start with you will be brought back to earth very quickly by those around you. We are not a people to put on airs.
He was shaking. I find that so endearing.
I was pretty baffled by the cut there as well. Like...WHY!?? It's literally the reaction we were waiting for.
> http://www.pbs.org/wnet/gperf/hamlet-full-episode/980/#We're sorry, but this video is not available in your region due to right restrictions.Yep, no...
And some are ok aith defunding this wonderful org. FeelsBadMan
The Patrick Stewart Macbeth, from the same series, is also spellbinding. Man, those witches...
You lucky son of a bitch.  I would kill to see something like that.
Polonius was my highlight in that one.
She's the daughter of Peter Davidson, the Fifth Doctor, not Moffat.This actually makes the whole situation better since The Doctor married the Daughter of The Doctor who he met while filming the episode The Doctor's Daughter
I googled Peter Davison. I saw one picture of what he looks like (now) and though nope dont know that guy, must have been a once off movie.Clicked further and saw the jacket and celery and basically kicked myself for forgetting one of the biggest doctors aside from Tom Baker. He looks so different now though.
Season 2 is fantastic and answers a lot of questions from Season 1.
Without delving into spoilers, here's my take on season 1 and 2:Season 1: the effect of a traumatic death and police investigation on a small community and the individuals effected. Season 2: the effect of a traumatic legal proceeding on a small community and the individuals effected. Basically, it's kiiiind of a different show, procedurally. That being said, it's excellent in its own way, and further fleshes out the state of things as they were left at the end of season 1. 
It really falls off a cliff sadly. They try to do too many different storylines and it all sort of falls apart. Season 3 coming up soon, which from the trailer doesn't look like too much of a direct sequel to the first 2 seasons, so there might be a chance for redemption.
Season 2 was enjoyable, but it also really pissed me off. It felt like somewhere in between the 2 seasons all of the main characters were riding together on a bus and the bus crashed. They all survived, but with varying degrees of brain damage, so they all continue on with their lives, but making all the worst possible decisions.It was frustrating, but it had a satisfying conclusion.
NO IM NOT!
Thanks!
I've heard they had to redo that scene repeatedly because David kept saying the line with TOO MUCH emotion. Can you imagine the waterfall of man-tears that would have fallen if they'd aired the most emotional takes?
Oh god that scene. Makes me tear up just thinking about it.
I refused to watch that episode. I've seen episodes since, but not that one.
[The scene.](https://youtu.be/sVEY5AL5zzk) 
I was still quite young during Tennants reign and I remember when they did the fake out with his death I burst into tears. The real one was even worse :( 
That end was horrible but for me it was [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSK1APQu6K4) that really fucking got me. Just... 
Ungh I know what you mean, I got started on Dr Who late, but all my friends were into it, and said it gets So much better after Tennant. I never finished watching the Matt Smith run because it was so terrible. Everyone says The writing gets better, and so do the special effects and the budget I am like I don't care about that. I want great acting and a episodes I care about. It just feels like Fox took over Dr. Who or some nonsense. *shrugs*
I LOVE Matt Smith as the doctor. He's sillier, more of a kid, and that brings a vulnerability which Tennant didn't have. Smith's doctor was the hardest to get into, though, because it's different.I've read somewhere that the doctor gets to kind of choose or influence who he incarnates into--I don't mean the actor gets to choose, the character does (Eccleston became Tennant, the perfect mate for Rose)--and I think that perfectly describes how Smith's doctor works. After all this heartache and loss that Tennant wadded though, he wanted to become someone who would let things flow off of him, and who saw the world in a more childish way.
Damn this thing is catchy, now I can't stop binging... 
Honestly, I hate that vibe for the series. I miss the David Tennant years where the overall tone was very lighthearted. But they still had serious moments. 
Why is that episode so good?
Matt definitely holds his own. Capaldi however... I just cant get in to it for whatever reason.
Thanks for the laugh! Truly lol.
I mean, can you blame him? David Tennant is *hot.*
Could be to do with the actor passing away...Edit: I initially believed you meant Barty Crouch when you said Crouch (Lloyd-Pack); I now suspect that you might have meant Crouch Jr. 
Watch Spaced. Was his first series with Nick Frost and Edgar Wright. Basically is just playing himself, slightly exaggerated. Its great.
https://gfycat.com/WellinformedHeavyChanticleer
Thanks
yeah, that's probably it.  Come along dear, we've got a special award just for you!   No, bring your husband too, you won't be returning to this seat.  That's how special the award is.
Christopher Eccleston got a bad deal imo because he was a brilliant doctor but the writing for that season hadn't quite caught on. 
> Christopher Eccleston was ~~also magnificent~~ fantastic!FTFY
Matt Smith was definitely my favourite. I just liked his puppy dog attitude and lanky energy.
Eccleston was my favorite until Capaldi. But I love all of the doctors... they all have something amazing that they have brought to the role. 
He was fantastic
Both David Tennant and John Hurt had one huge, glaring flaw in their portrayal of the Doctor: they stopped too soon.
Yea about that...
The Warrior. Not the Doctor.
Tom Baker was my introduction to the series, and he'll always be my Dr.
I can.
I can't agree with you on Matt Smith, I think he could have been a pretty good doctor, but his episodes where so awfully written...
Matt Smith gets flack for being to young and 'mainstream' but I gotta say, I loved him. A lot like Tennant but felt a little more down to earth and childish, but that first episode with him, the Eleventh Hour, was incredible.Moffats writing kind of drove me crazy sometimes though. [Case in point.](http://spencerhastings.tumblr.com/post/114514795273/based-on-this-post-credit-for-the-bottom-gif)
>  They've squandered him.Bingo. That's why I wish he would stay on after Moffat's departure. 
Heaven sent. Utterly incredible writing and acting, and it held up even if you guessed the 'twist'.
But Moffat was only writing individual episodes, not series length stories. Some of the episodes, like 'Don't Blink', and 'Silence in the Library' were the best episodes, which he did write, but they were only 1-2 episodes. He can't write series long story arcs.
Moffat is an incredible writer and a terrible showrunner
But....he didn't say soorry.
For as massive a star as he is in the Doctor Who world (of which I am a proud member) his skill as a stage actor is even more impressive, the man is a god on and off screen, just jaw dropping talent.
He's also in the Harry Potter series
Also documentaries.  Many BBC documentaries are using him to the narrator these days.  Such a pleasant voice. 
I've never been a massive fan of him but he was amazing in jessica jones, he knocked that one out of the park.
He's in Jessica Jones? Well shit, guess I've got a new series. I can honestly say that just about anything with him in there is worth watching and it's damn hard to prove me wrong.
I haven't gotten around to watching Jessica jones. I know have a reason to watch it. 
I loved Broadchurch. Tennant was a stand out amongst a stellar cast. 
I loved Broadchurch, but damn is it bleak. Coming from a lifetime of American TV, it took me awhile to realize part of what fed that: no music! It was interesting to see how big a role music actually plays in setting mood - even by its absence.
Taking Over the Asylum is what first got me into TV drama in the 1990's, you can get it on DVD. Highly recommend.
If you liked him in JJ, please, do yourself a favor and watch Dr. Who.  Start the season before he comes on, where they introduce his counter-part Rose.  I promise, it's about 3 (I think?  Don't hate me if I'm wrong Dr. Who fanatics) seasons of amazing television.  It really is a treat.
watch broachurch its is best work on camera.
If you don't want to make the time commitment to watching all of Doctor Who, I would recommend watching him in the episode Midnight (4x10). It's an almost entirely self-contained episode and one of my favorites.
I never really got into Harry Potter, could someone explained what happened here? Specifically the part where he had a snake tattoo and Harry had a huge cut?
It's actually:**BARTY CROUCH**... *junior*.[Link](https://youtu.be/cC_jddH_0MI?t=2m42s)
Docteur Qui
As a Qubecor, can we just have a shared custody?
We have great internet, just no data allotment.We have one of the, if not the single, worst price/speed/data ratio in the western world.
Right there with you on JJ. Too inconsistent for me,  one minute she's holding down a car with one hand,  the next? she's getting her ass handed to her by generic henchmen #3.
I really liked it, so I'm bias, but I found the mistakes made sense through the lens of her PTSD, which was sort of the bedrock of her character. 
For the whole season of JJ I was wondering why they never tried earplugs. Finally they use headphones at the end and they still mess that up.
Man, I try.and explain this to people so often about that show. I didn't care about her at all.  But he was amazing. Hell, there were moments where I felt bad for him. I don't know how they'll manage to carry on the show without him.
For me it was how utterly morose all the protagonists were. All. The. Time.  I know that was kind of the point, seeing as how badly Kilgrave damaged her, but it was badly in need of some lighter touch.  Thankfully, Tennant provided that in spades
Pretty much, worst part of the show was [Killing off his character because he was the shows saving grace ](/s)
To be fair, a *ton* of those stupid decisions were because of Kilgrave's manipulation, whether direct or indirect.
I hated Kilgrave...I hated the very being of that character. But I love Tennant and Doctor Who....He played Kilgrave so well, that I thought he was a completely different person from The Doctor. Eventhough no makeup or anything was used.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/IdiotPlot
One of my favorite Kilgrave moments is when him, Jessica, and the old neighbor lady are sitting and having breakfast outside.I realized that he said ***exactly*** what I would've said had I been in the same situation with his powers.Perfectly believable. Occasionally even relatable. That's what made Kilgrave such a perfect villain for me. 
I think what made him so believable is that that's how a lot of not horrible people would end up with that power. If you spend long enough getting your way it goes to your head like a spoilt child.He could have been a normal person without his power. 
Neat villain the mcu has had in my opinion. Shame they killed him off. 
I'd say his powers made him horrible. Imagine if as a kid everyone did every thing you told them without hesitation. Pretty hard to come out normal when every human being on the planet is basically a doll you can do with as you please 
Also, r/videosthatstarttoolate.  I would have liked to see the very beginning of the introduction.
Lol right? I was unnecessarily frustrated by it 
Streaming for free, not freely streaming.
Even further, Peter was Tennants favourite Doctor and actually inspired him to go into acting (so he could one day be the Doctor as well.)
They also had a daughter. So we have The Doctor, who married The Doctor's daughter, who really was The Doctor's daughter, and they then they had The Doctor's daughter irl.Gotta love it.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/mind_blown.gif
ah you're right,  I got Moffett mixed with Moffat. I had a feeling she was the daughter of a doctor. Just couldn't remember which
So who is her favorite Doctor?
I loved Georgia's interview with her son (David's now stepson): [https://youtu.be/kHiXO7sQwgs?t=20s](https://youtu.be/kHiXO7sQwgs?t=20s)Poor Peter.
My husband made this chart a while ago. http://i.imgur.com/NxR8Evq.jpg 
They also have a daughter.
I wonder who her favorite doctor is
Season 3: the effect of filming a show about a traumatic legal proceeding about a traumatic death on a small community and the individuals effected.
> It really falls off a cliffHmmmmmmmmmmmm.
My big gripe about season 2 was the big centralizing event in it being so unrealistic and straight up stupid that it just pissed me off. 
I have to disagree. I went into season 2 wondering what more they could give us, and I was blown away. The acting was amazing, and they answered questions I didn't even know I had until they were answered.
I don't even know who David Tennant is and I'm crying..
That's not quite right. What happened was they recorded it in three different ways. The first way was played quite straight, another way was him really emotional, and the final time was in between. That's the one they went with.They asked him to be overly emotional. It's not like he wasn't able to tone it down.
I think there was the episode of Doctor Who Confidential, the behind-the-scenes companion show, for that final episode that included a couple of the different takes that had him pretty much bawling and over-acting the emotion, I think the one they went with was absolutely perfect. 
It will be painful, but you have to watch it. It's beautiful. 
> I was still quite young during Tennants reignFuck Im old.
I think a lot of people's dislike of Matt Smith is that the show kind of became Amelia Pond and her blue box with a deus ex screwdriver at the end of each episode. It all became so formulaic that made his seasons feel stale. (SPOILER ALERT!) I never really became attached to the characters, so I never felt the same emotional impact of, for example, Amy being touched by an angel as I did when Rose was trapped in the alternate universe.  
I hated Rose
Well its matching the tone that the show went. To play off the theory that the doctor character picks who hes going to turn into, David Tennant was light hearted but he also went through some of the biggest tragedies in his life up to that point as that character. So picking someone more child like and silly to have fun. Makes sense, look what the Tenth Doctor did when he knew his time was up, went on vacation. So if you follow that through Matt Smith doctor, his character goes through some absolutely insane shit, namely, everything involved with River Song and Amelia Pond. Not even counting the side adventures and the tragedies of the universe. Things definitely up the ante as far as the gravity/scale of threats the doctor was facing. You had the Pandorica, and the Time Lords returning....So then it would make sense that Matt Smith's doctor would choose someone a bit more hardened against the struggles in order to better handle the gravitas of the situations he was being thrust into.All bullshit but the idea makes me hate Matt Smith's character slightly less.
It takes place over 4 billion years, shows the strength, will, and determination of the doctor, and it comes together so cleverly as you realize all the foreshadowing early in the episode. It was rated the second greatest who episode. 
Also, Deathly Hallows came out in 2011, Roger Lloyd pack died in 2014. But I meant in general, I find it odd that both characters just never come up again, even in mention.
I'll check it out, thanks.
Really?  Because he was my first doctor and I must say I enjoyed his personality a tad bit more than David's.  That said, David was a fantastic Doctor - I just liked Christopher's goofier take on it.
Are you my mummy? 
Yakiddinme? Empty child, the ep with the chained up dalek, heaps of golden episodes
i think he very obliviously did not like it.
You gotta complete it [with the smile](http://www.kasterborus.com/tardis/ninth-doctor-christopher-eccleston/dr9_7.jpg), it's mandatory
Watching his Doctor helped me through some really depressing times. He just had such a boundless positive energy about everything. It was wonderful!
He was good, but he wasn't good enough to follow David Tennant.That said, he was also not helped by the fact that Russel T Davies left at the same time as Tennant, and was replaced by the vastly inferior Steven Moffat, meaning he had far worse stories to tell.
I keep hearing good things about Capaldi, but I stopped watching half way through his first season. Hopefully I like it when I go back and watch it :)
Unfortunately, John Hurt can't really go back to it now.
Tennant had the average amount of time for an actor to portray the Doctor...
Your first Doctor usually becomes your Doctor, though I'm sure there are exceptions. I started on Tom Baker (and his return during the Anniversary made my inner child squeal with delight). My daughter started with Tennant, but I won her over to Team 4th after exposing her to his glorious insanity.
Tennent had some horrible episodes.  Fear Her and Love and Monsters are painful. 
Yeah. Not gonna happen sadly. IMO, he's the Doctor they've most squandered. Russell T Davies would have done wonderful things with him.
I was so excited for him becoming the doctor, but didn't find myself enjoying too much because of Moffat. I stuck out with Smith, who I liked but didn't love, and stopped watching it during Capaldi because it just kept going downhill. He could have been amazing were it not for Moffat. 
And then they followed that up with an incredible terrible episode
The worst singular episodes during Moffat's time have been by other smallname directors and writers. He's just kinda approved them and co-directed.The problem is mostly that there is no coherent set of rules in Doctor Who so the episode often go completely nuts in terms of what's actually allowed in the DW universe. Like the Superhero christmas special, which was a good idea but really poorly explained as always. I guess the writers treat it as more of a kid's fantasy show anyway rather than sci-fi adventure. Davies had less cool ideas and worse overall arc writing but he atleast knew how to ground DW into a more typical adventure show instead of I'm a magical fairy anything is possible
Is it too late now to say 'sorry'?
His Shakespeare stuff is amazing
I'm not a huge fan of Doctor Who, but I will always associate the character of the Doctor with David Tennant.
Yes he is, and unfortunately for such a very short time as BCJr. Sucks there wasn't a better role for him, but he did such a good job. The tongue flicking thing he does in the movie was 100% conceived by Tennant, never in the books, and was as iconic as you can get given the small role he had. Great actors bring such things to the table.
He does a lot of other narration as well... animated, video games, audio books and upcoming Scrooge McDuck!
That's the mind control virus, mate.
Warning: If you become a fan of Jessica Jones, you risk being sucked into the MCU fandom at large. It is fundamentally linked to Luke Cage, Daredevil, the upcoming Iron Fist and The Defenders, as well as all of the Marvel movies that have come out in the last ten years. There's a few cable network shows as well, but they aren't as good (no matter what those fans say).
I never watched the second season, I enjoyed the first, but for some reason felt that i shouldn't watch the second, should I?
Broadchurch's soundtrack is actually pretty good.
Uh,  I think the music is one of the best choices in a tv show ever. It's there where it needs to be and in the right amount,  daunting as it needs to be. It doesn't take space and fills the emotional shots and moments perfectly. The season one ending track is just perfection. 
I love love love the message of Broadchurch, too. It's a shame that more people don't seem to agree with me (never IRL met a person who did except my wife and she's probably humouring me).It's a story about how good and evil don't exist, and there are just people doing good things and people doing bad things. Sometimes those are the exact same people. It's all horribly complicated and exactly how the world works. Nobody who seems like an evil person in that show is incapable of good, and nobody who is good is above reproach. Which exactly how evil and good are accomplished in the real world.
As much as I liked Broadchurch it can go fuck itself since it kept Arthur Darvill from working on most of Legends of Tomorrow Season 2.That's like James Nesbitt disappearing from the first half of Stan Lee's Lucky Man because he got a gig as a minor side-character as a handyman in an American sitcom.
The Music is what made all the new Doctor Whos feel a lot less to me. It made it too... I dont know but *not  the Doctor Who I remembered.
He comes in at the end of season 1/beginning of season 2!
If you include everything with Rose before him it's seasons 1-4 of 'new' Who (2005). Matt Smith is amazing too however, and is 100% worth sticking around for.
Broadchurch is incredible, but make sure to prepare yourself; it's very, very depressing.Don't let that stop you from watching it, but just be in a good place, because goddamn.
Blink gets most of the love for being clever, but there's just something about the base human terror of Midnight that makes me love it.
You're completely right here. 
I have pretty decent [internet](http://imgur.com/a/ktwuS) and pay $95 a month for the first year and $120 for the second year for high speed and a 1TB of data. I imagine this will be crazy expensive to other countries.  Edit: This includes cable with 70 channels as well.
Depending on where you are. Granted, the price is terrible all over, but where I am there are not enough people to bother to cap. I think the most GB I ever pulled in a month was a little over 900. 
I agree, I feel like Daredevil was the only netflix marvel show so far to really do it right. D'onofrio was just amazing in that role of Fisk, and when Matt gets into shit hes not some superman who never receives a beating, he gets the living shit kicked out of him repeatedly, but it's because hes human and doesn't have the special shit heroes like Jessica Jones and Luke Cage have. Gives him more of a Batman feel which is one of the reasons I think everyone's more drawn to Batman, he's just an average dude who utilizes the hand the worlds dealt him. (Batman in terms of his inheritance and what he can do with it, Matt in terms of his heightened receptors like olfactory and organ of corti)
I wouldn't call that inconsistent. They made it clear that she was much stronger than usual but could be hurt just as easily as anyone else. Getting beat up by henchmen makes sense because if they land a blow it's gonna hurt her.
This is my thought at well. The issue with her powers, her sense of self, her need to make certain outcomes happen at great risk all made sense through that vantage point. 
So many times I actually found myself rooting for his character simply because Tenant played it so beautifully. It really is difficult to see where they can take it from here. He felt like the big bad that should've ended the show, not opened it. Much like Slade Wilson on Arrow, if you happened to watch that show before it went to shit. 
Killgrave has regenerative abilities in the comics. He's likely not dead. 
Tennant as Kilgrave and Theo Rossi as Shades, they hit it out of the park with casting villains.
That scene made me really appreciate the show's ability to make everything horrible and depressing. From nice friendly neighbor reminiscing about Jessica's childhood to uncomfortably probing the neighbor's dark and selfish side in like 20 seconds flat. 
You nailed it. Anyone could end up exactly the same if, as children, we manifested an ability to make anyone do anything we wanted. That made the character so sympathetic despite the terrible things he does and David Tennant brought that out in a way that I think only he could.
Yeah...I fear for the season 2 of JJ just because Killgrave won't be there...
What an inspiring figure.... I'm gonna shag his daughter!
I actually noticed a while back that the coincidences go a little deeper than that. One of the original writers of Doctor Who was a certain Peter Moffatt, who was a showrunner mainly during the years of the Fifth Doctor Peter Davison whose real name is Peter Moffett, father of Georgia Moffett. Despite Moffatt being an extraordinarily rare name, Peter Moffatt is entirely unrelated to the current showrunner Steven Moffat or Georgia Moffett (or her father Peter).
Even further, Tennant did a little short with Davidson reprising his role as 5
In case anyone wants to watch these takes, here you go:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWM7l9SAipg
That's legit. For me it didn't hit as hard because it just kind of happened, and I was there thinking 'wtf' for a bit. Rose and the Doctor's ending was dragged out a bit, a necessity since they were in love. If Matt loved Amy then there would be a drawn out goodbye, I'd figure.The best part of Smith for me is River. Their arc is so special. Its concept alone is staggering, then when you add that it surpasses Smith's doctor on both sides, where you have like four endings and four beginnings which bookmark River and the Doctor... I just love it.
There were episodes with great potential but ultimately fell off in Smith's run. A little too much of River Song, not enough mystery behind new creatures etc... and ultimately it failed to resonate at the same level as Tennant, because even when Tennant was in one of the many ludicrous episodes that Doctor Who has he still managed to sell the performance.
Rose wasn't too bad, she was young, fell in love with the man but always had her own mind. She made mistakes, but she was strong and smart. Martha though, she just followed the doctor around like a lovesick puppy and pissed me off. Donna. I couldn't stand the woman, but she became my favourite assistant. She didn't want to be around the doctor because she was in love with him, she just wanted to travel the universe, become a better person and she did. Then it was all taken away from her because she became Dr Donna and saved the universe. She was so caring, she made the doctor save people, save other creatures. She made the doctor into a better person. 
Comparing the two are very... different sides of the same coin really. Where Christophers take on it was goofier most of the time, the times where he was serious he was down right scary. Such as: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIjUSzpYcuA and whttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bDGH3dKo90 leading to : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8URr3uhh3I I can't recall Tennant ever having such moments in my memory. Christopher was the I'll act goofy but meanwhile he's super depressed, cynical, and when it comes down to it - overtaken by grief and willing to do whatever it takes to get revenge.  Whereas Tennant was a happy go lucky, go with the flow doctor. He never struck my 'oh shit that's.... fucked up' meter as Christopher did.so tl;dr - They are both playing the same character, but complete opposing sides of the coin. They are both my favorite doctors for very different reasons. 
You can make all the reasons you want, but they all kinda fall flat. All of the doctors were great actors in their own right, and brought something special that added further depth to the character. That being said, everyone's first doctor is special for some very elusive and personal reasons.tl;dr You never forget your first Doctor
I liked his personality but the slitheen and the moisturize me thing and... I mean there were good and bad episodes throughout the series but I'm sleepy and you know what I mean.
Agreed, C. E. was my first, and still favorite doctor. Really wish we had more than one season of him as The Doctor. 
What do you remember from Eccleston Who other than Eccleston?
No. Now go to your room!
Blink. Don't forget Blink. 
True. Those were good.
God I am gonna go rewatch the Season 1 of the reboot again. So damn good it sucks he only got 1 season. I also heard some people claiming he left of his own accord, but I am not sure
too soon lol
I started when the series came back.  My only complaint is that I'm not a huge fan of Rose.  I prefer The Ponds.
John Pertwee was mine, but Tom Baker will always be king.Companion award goes to Leela for being my childhood crush.edit: I just googled the Doctors ... Peter fucking Cushing was the Doctor once!
I'm surprised they didn't kick Moffat out after 11's run. Hate me all you want, but every episode with Matt Smith was just him repeating I'M THE DOCTOR. DON'T YOU FUCKING KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS? DON'T YOU KNOW WHO I AM? GO ON, RUN AWAY, I'M TOO AWESOME FOR THIS FIGHT!
Moffat is directly responsible for turning him into a magical fairy and eroded the vast majority of things that weren't done because they would unground the show and write the story into awkward corners.Also it's easy blame others but the buck stops with the showrunner. End of story.
I mean, lets be real, it is a kids fantasy showAdults can like it, i have no problems with that, but it is a kids show 
If you can find it, the much ado about nothing he did with Catherine Tate is super fun.
seeing him a less than metre from my face as the star in Hamlet in stratford upon avon, probly the highlight of my life. 
I knew him from Hamlet before I did Doctor Who and I've loved him as an actor ever since
He was amazing as Madeye. Sure the polyjuice potion helped, but the mannerisms were spot on. 
He made Barty perfectly creepy, and what's even better is that Gleeson continued the tick when he was Barty posing as Moody.
Ooh, sorry- I like him a lot but the tongue flicking to me seemed so hammy and over the top.....I think that single mannerism more than anything else ruined Goblet for me.  So funny how people can see the same thing in such different ways.
That fucking tongue flick man. When I caught onto that it made the whole thing click for me. Why he killed him, how he knew. It was such a small detail but it works perfectly when you finally notice it.David Tennant just makes things better.
Oh that tongue still creeps me out to this day.
I'm huge into Marvel Comics in general, and I enjoy the movies, though the first season of SHIELD made me pretty wary of their tv shows. I keep meaning to check out Luke Cage, especially since I want to watch Iron Fist so much, there's pretty much guaranteed crossovers, so I guess I should get on that.
I couldn't continue the second season after getting about half way through it. It picks up where it left off rather than starting a brand new case. If I remember correctly they look into one of the cases in Tennant's past, involving his ex, but a lot of it is the trial of the killer from the first season. If that piques your interest, I'd say go for it, otherwise if you're like me you may not be too keen on it.
I must be mis-remembering then. I recalled noting the total absence of background music and the striking effect that had on the overall mood. Gonna have to rewatch it. Maybe confused it with some other series?
That might be why I got the impression that it wasn't there - it was understated so I didn't notice. As I mentioned in another reply, I seem to have misremembered.
Ah yes, the Matt Smith seasons. Were it not for those, I never would've realized I was in love with Karen Gillan. 
Jesus fuck your internet is expensive. 
as a canadian, that's ridiculously cheap for that amazing speed and data limit :(
As a Slocenian I just feel sorry for you.
Eh Daredevil was OK but still suffered a bit from only just managed to defeat some street hobos and next minute only just defeated a pack of superninjas then beaten by 1 superninja.Usually superhero stuff is petty inconsistent as the character is as strong/weak as the plot needs them to be at any point.Still... Was a great show
I phased myself out of the comic book Tv series because they just kept pumping them out, there was far to much for me to watch and be able to follow the story enjoyably. Glad to hear about Daredevil, I will give it a shot.
Makes for way better action scenes,  that long cut scene they did was fantastic. 
The funny thing being: he is closer to being Batman than Batman.
I thought Alfre Woodard as Mariah Dillard was amazing as well.
Well, he was Casanova.
Any relation to Little Miss Moffatt? I kid I kid.
And i feel it just gets better with Capaldi. He's HER Doctor, fully formed and fully loved. 
Donna is my absolute favorite for all the reasons you stated and because of her relationship with her grandfather.  Catherine Tate & David Tennant had great chemistry.  One of my favorite scenes - The Doctor & Donna Reunited   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uD__LyLpymY (starts ~1:25)
Rose always had her mouth hanging open, it drove me mad.
Rose annoyed me.  Martha was basically shoved in and Donna was interesting.  But for some reason Rose rubbed me the wrong way, the accent or something.  
Tennant's Doctor has many moments like that. Shortly after regenerating, one of the first things you learn about him is that he has little patience for being merciful. One warning, that's all you get.
Eccleston was the doctor that made me understand how scary the Doctor can be, and why the Daleks fear him so much. That incarnation was just specifically amazing for the season and role. Tennant was equally amazing, as a balance between the scariness of pissed Eccleston and goofy Eccleston. Quiet rage. Matt Smith was the heroic doctor, who did things because they had to be done. I love all 3 dearly.
The library and the family stick out in my mind for Tennant. The family being particularly brutal at the end.
Tennant had the fury of the doctor moment. that was a cold scary.
Family of Blood disagrees with you about 10.
I liked the transition between the two. With Christopher Eccleston's Doctor, he had been traveling alone for a very long time and had became very bitter with his past. But once he started letting other people into his life, he was able to transform into a more happy and at peace Doctor. 
> down right scary>I can't recall Tennant ever having such moments in my memory.Wait...were we watching the same Tennant? Because out of all of them, when something angered him, it was shit being fired out of a cannon into a fan.
Demons run when a good man goes to war.
I'm not knocking it either, I wouldn't have got into the show if I didn't like the 9th doctor series.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4xm9NHNUf8
[When he punishes that one family of aliens was pretty badass](https://youtu.be/w4xm9NHNUf8) (skip to 1:50)
Not true for everyone. I watched Doctor Who only occasionally in the 1980s. I liked the Y2k movie, but it didn't take off. Liked Eccleston in the reboot, but Tennant's Doctor really resonated with me. He's not my first, but he's my absolute favorite.
Eh, Eccleston was my first introduction to Doctor Who and I watched all his seasons, but David Tennant was the first time I got properly excited about the show and the doctor.  I think it's the way they got the whole epic factor just right, and I just sorta lost interest after Matt Smith came on-board.
What's funny is that I've seen 90% of *all* Doctor Who after being raised with it in Britain and following NuWho, and I even enjoyed the McGann film as a kid mostly because he could have been an amazing on-screen Doctor - but somehow Capaldi has shot to the top of my list of favourite Doctor incarnations.Even with some of the arguably bad writing he's been dealt at times, I feel like he embodies the best attributes of all my favourite interpretations of the Doctor. I've genuinely never been more disappointed in hearing about a current Doctor-actors departure date.
Tom Baker
Exactly, Matt Smith was my first doctor. While I have nothing bad to say about David Tennant, he'll never be my first doctor.
Good thing that worked. Those would've been terrible last words. 
Eh i personally dont care too much for the angels. Blink was a good ep, but everytime they brought them back after they just made it cringey and lame
Blink was Tennant, though he wasn't exactly a main character in that episode.
One of the single scariest thing I've ever seen. In any medium.
Nothing is too soon for the doctor
I have to agree there. Rose was ok, but the dynamic between the Doctor and both Ponds was fantastic. Amy especially will always be my favorite companion (well, except for River, if you count her as a companion. She IS a Pond, after all...).
Yeah. I get what they were trying to do but it was very hamfisted and obvious, and instead of an arc that built to that we got a whole several series of very little progression. Personally I think Matt Smith was a good doctor and the problem was his writing, not Matt.
It wasn't so much the writing of the doctor that was at fault, it was the writing of the villains.Under Davies, someone died almost every episode. Everybody lives was a huge victory worthy of a twoparter because it was almost unique. Villains were dangerous and threatening and usually didn't back down.Under moffat, most episodes don't involve a death. The villains that are introduced lose their threat because they don't kill anyone, and back down because the doctor yells at them before they actually do anything. The old villains are so *scared* of the doctor at this point, that there's nothing to worry about because they run at his name more often than not. It's a surprise when they dare to defy him and actually hurt someone. The doctor is always going to seem less effective when the challenges he faces are so much less.In the most recent season, things were better. People died in episodes, the doctor didn't always win the first encounter, enemies seemed threatening again. The doctor was competent because he outwitted and defeated enemies that were actually willing to stand and fight him, not just because everyone runs at his name.
Right? Every season since Moffat took over I just imagine him in the writer's room being like, here are some awesome insane impossible ideas! Wait I have to connect/ explain everything now? Shit, uh.... Fuck it.
Moffat has wrecked a few aspects of Doctor Who, most of which I'd file under fan wank (a trait I've noticed growing significantly in Sherlock which I also attribute to him)First being the adventure of the week/serial format that has alway been a mainstay. There are arcs that are added to through out a season but a lot of the stories were primarily stand alone with a few notable exceptions. This changed under moffats reign and not in a well executed way. It descended into something not dissimilar to fan fiction.This leads into another problem I have, the companions. A fairly regular companion rotation has always been a strength of doctor who, the ponds sadly long over stayed their welcome and Moffat's mary sue (or waifu depending on who you talk to) River Song slowly took over the show for a period.I also feel he fucked with time travel too much on the show, it was never really a time travel show. Yes time travel was intergal but never the focus. This meant it was okay for the rules to be vague and rarely explored with all that much depth. Timey wimey is okay when it's left in that place but if you start leaning on it for fan wankery and aren't I clever points there's a certain level of consistency required.Moffat should have left with smith, I think davies was right to leave with tennant, I know davies technically had two doctors but that was for barely a season and difficult circumstances. Showrunners leaving with doctors seems like a good idea for wiping the slate clean and starting afresh rather than leaving this situation drag out.PS.I also didn't like how he handled the 50th anniversary, it had fun moments but I don't think it was worth the cost of showing the time war. The only way the doctors actions would make sense is if it was the most fucked up shit ever and what we got was budget star wars.I also feel he took the piss way more out of the tenth doctor in comparison to his own but that may just be my biases showing.
He actually tried to leave already, but they weren't able to get a suitable replacement in time. Husbands of River Song was going to be his last episode.
WIBBLY WOBBLEY TIMEY WIMEY HYOOMANEY WOOMANEY I'M WEARING A FEZ
I always get a lot of kickback when I say things like that, but it's absolutely the truth. Another thing that was off about 11's series was that it seemed like wherever he went, everyone had heard of The Doctor and he was like some kind of vengeful god that they all feared with every fiber of their being. The Doctor could do no wrong and always just sorta had the answer for everything, which led to every plot being resolved in cheap and awful ways and left every episode completely without tension.Another thing that bugged me was Matt Smith being cool. Where David Tennant could effortlessly waltz into any situation with a cool calmness that completely owned the room, Matt Smith's coolness came across as more of a look how wacky and cool and random I am, fellow kids! kind of thing. He never sold a single person (outside of Tumblr) on fezzes, bow ties or fish fingers and custard, but Tennant was able to make those 3D glasses super duper cool without even making a big deal out of it by wearing them in a couple of scenes in one episode.That's my extremely biased view on the matter, anyway.
Also the sketch they did together for Comic Relief:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxB1gB6K-2A
Was that [this performance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_Tchaikowsky#Skull)? I love the story about that skull - and that David Tennant was part of making that dying man's wish come true.
_
But in all seriousness Brendon Gleason is also a phenomenal talent.
Well, the whole series was hammy. Within that context, and given that there would otherwise have been no way for the viewer to guess that BCJr was impersonating Mad-Eye, it was perfectly fine in my book. Harry Potter wasn't exactly made to be a gritty, realist film. But I respect your opinion and your right to dislike it. I understand why it would be bothersome.
I think I started the first episode, it's been a while, and when I realized it wasn't really anything new, I kinda gave up on it.
There are times where it's quiet, but the soundtrack comes in quite often.
> Eh Daredevil was OK #>Still... Was a great show
  I loved the actor who played daredevil. He was pretty intense when he was in daredevil mode and beating people up.     Even when he would cock his arm back to threaten people, id feel like he was about to start beating them. The fight scenes were pretty great, even though they could be a little inconsistent.      The plots conclusion was so horrible for me though. So this clan that's been around for centuries, worship a weapon that's supposed to give them the power to rule the world, and it turns out to be... elektra? They waited centuries for a girl to be born who can also get beat up by a few of their henchmen? And they knew she was the black sky on sight. How??        Everything was going great, then they got lazy with the wrap up. I feel like the same thing happened with stranger things. Such a great, suspenseful story, but the conclusion just felt lazy. 
Eh, to be fair, 4v1 fights are a shitshow for all involved, especially in tight spaces, regardless of everyone's skill levels. And a hit to the gut or ribs will at least hurt regardless of who threw it.That's what I liked avout daredevil, just knowing martial arts doesn't make you a God, fight somebody above your weight class or who outnumbers you, and there's a good chance they'll get some hits in, and it doesn't take much from there to have your training advantage mitigated.
That was such a great show. The frustrating thing is (at least in the States) I haven't run across anyone else that has seen it.
I love Capaldi as the doctor, but his stories seem so much worse.
No second chances, I'm that sort of a man.
I am the Doctor, and you're in the biggest library in the Universe. Look me up.*shadows retract*
Honestly, the reason why I love the 10th the most. Everyone deserves a second chance, but not a third.
...And Capaldi is the doctor that's sick and tired of your shit
The family?
[We wanted to live forever. The Doctor made sure that we did...](https://youtu.be/w4xm9NHNUf8)
Something tennant era did well was occasional epic, while also making smaller scale episodes feel good too With Smith, I felt every couple episodes was DOOMSDAY GOTTA SAVE THE UNIVERSE with the powerful music and witty remark. The writing was just so shit and contrived, like they were always patting themselves on the back for getting the doctor through the hardest thing ever.I dont think I like Who after tennant era :( loved Capaldi as an actor but haven't seen many episodes
They're the kind killers, they simply send you into the past - haha jk they snap your fucking neck now or turn you into one of them through your eyes.
They were excellent as a minimal horror villain- when they tried to up the stakes by adding more, they lost the scary element and reverted to just tension, which helps to propel the scenes but lacks any depth. The original was far better- small things like a single light bulb being the difference between success or oblivion. While there's obviously many other differences, it's kind of like the difference between Alien and Aliens. 
True. 
And no one is late for the doctor. 
I think his acting was fine. Not exactly my cup of tea, but the very episode he did proved that he could act.
Moffat cannot do plot arcs, that's his main problem and you see it on sherlock too. 
I really liked Matt Smith's Doctor. Him and Tennant did by far the best in the day to day stuff, the conversation with friends, the happy moments IMO.
All the episodes I saw of Smith's Doctor ended with the villian defeated more or less by the force of hope and wishful thinking. It's essentially the opposite of the previous two Doctors. It sucked.
So is his kid.
I think he meant that Daredevil as a character was ok, but the show itself was very good 
I think Daredevil is a pretty cool guy. eh kills nijnas and doesnt afraid of anything.
As The Moment put it, The one who regrets (Tennant's 10 ) and the one who forgets (Smith's 11)...
Most badass and least cheesy line in the series imo.
Link to the scene. https://youtu.be/7y5qJcvJDk8
[HFW](https://i.imgur.com/gsizyKw.png)
If you had to ask, my bet is you haven't watched it yet. It made an impression.
I would say it's best to just watch it, it's episode nine The Family of Blood.
Yeah, that's the impression I got - like they'd figured out what the fans were going apeshit over and just thought Let's stuff as much in as we can.In fairness, I vaguely recall feeling that way while Tennant was still the Doctor, maybe the last of his seasons.
Is this a thing now? Don't Blink was such a fantastic episode and then they ruined the idea over and over until we got Angels Take Manhattan.
I absolutely agree!
I am so so glad that Domnhal is, like, a genuinely skilled and charismatic and talented actor. I adore his father but Dom is able to bring something wholly himself and unique to his parts. He's not riding on his father's name in any way. He is a talent unto himself. 
Correct, sorry for confusion. I meant Daredevil wasn't as bad as other superheroes in terms of strength fluctuations, but still had a reasonable amount of it. However it was still a great show to watch :)
My favorite Tennent moment is form the 50th anniv. episode, actually. I can't for the life of me find it on youtube, but all three Doctors are in a prison cell and John Hurt asks the other two (paraphrasing dialog pretty hard here) How many children died that day on Galifrey? Did you count? I would have counted.Matt Smith says *mumbles something* I... I didn't count and Tennent saysThree-point-two billion.
It goes ding when there's stuff
Yeah theres an episode in 11's run where any image of an angel becomes an angel, so someone gets on in their eye and has to help their eyes closed in case it gets out. The angels should have stayed in Blink, they only got worse with every time they came back. 
I didn't enjoy daredevil much simply because of how two dimensional the main characters are, and the whole flipping thing seemed unnecessary, but yes, I LOVED the character of Fisk it made that series
'Calm people live, tense people die.' That's a quote to remember.
He is a really great story-teller
Wow. that was a 7 min video that flew by. 
[The episode mentioned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3_HEKMgqbE)
I know the point of this video was that he almost drowned but the concept of being submerged in cigarette smoke car water really made me cringe. I used to work at a car wash and I cleaned heavy smoker's cars. You can almost measure the thickness of the brown sticky stuff on everything with a kids ruler it's so thick. One guy came into the carwash repeatedly but his car was coated. It must have made the situation 10x more panicky
I've been in a vehicle that flipped into a decent sized Creek. I do NOT recommend it.Edit - I'll put some of the details below. Basically I was in 8th grade at the time and one Sunday my dad decided we'd go over to my grandmother's house. We always used the dirt road nearby to make the trip because it cut the distance in half. It had been raining for a solid week so the dirt road was muddy but nothing too bad. We started to go around a corner at about 25mph and the truck just lost all control as we hit a patch of clay. For anyone who doesn't know...Wet clay might as well be ice. As we're sliding my dad slams the truck into 4WD and puts it in reverse. But that didn't help, we just slid slowly over the edge of the road and toppled over into the creek landing upside down. Here's where it gets fun, first off I never took into account that as all my free weight it being put on the seatbelt (I'm literally hanging upside down) that it will not release. Secondly my dad probably being in a slight panic tried to roll down the windows so we could crawl out must not have realized I was still stuck on my seatbelt. He tried to roll down the window but seeing as they were electric they rolled down about 6 inches and then stopped. Water is pouring in and rapidly beginning to rise above my head so I reached for my pocket knife and in pure panic managed to cut my seatbelt. It was too late at that point though, I was fully panicked swallowing water etc...My dad managed to grab me and throw me up to where there was little air bubble and eventually the windows decided to roll down all the way and we could swim out through the window. I'm by far the calmest person I know and that experience took me to a level of panic I didn't know I could feel. 
Regarding the first part about never being censored...* The RFID story that got pulled under still unclear circumstances https://www.cnet.com/news/mythbusters-co-host-backpedals-on-rfid-kerfuffle/* The cannibalistic mice https://youtu.be/ziQWDnFSPt8
I only do this once a day to work off a pet peeve - he's had.
He mentions hyperventilating to help with holding breath as bringing extra oxygen into his blood.  Isn't the point of hyperventilating before holding your breath to expel as much CO2 as possible as the CO2 buildup causes you to passout way before you run out of Oxygen. 
Here is my story.  My mother in law died going off a low water crossing in Louisiana.   She was driving a little Scion, and she tried to cross a small bridge after a rain. Her car was swept off the bridge, and was slowly sinking. When she was found the next day, most of the back window tint had been scratched off.   The front of the car was touching the bottom of the creek about 100 yards down stream, and there was about 2 inches sticking up above he water.  My wife is still not over her death, and this happened 11 years ago on New Year's Eve.   Please don't cross a low water crossing if there is anything flowing over it.  
His had. 
r/titlegore 
That was scary just listening to it!
lol I would have guessed it's the time they shot a cannon through somebody's house, through the bedroom where a family was sleeping and into a neighbor's carhttps://www.cnet.com/news/mythbusters-cannonball-busts-through-house/
Why do diving regulators not work properly when held upside down? I'd expect them to be able to work properly in any orientation. 
Here is the event he is speaking of: [car underwater ](https://youtu.be/q3_HEKMgqbE) 
What Adam says about hyperventilating is incorrect.It doesn't increase the oxygen in your system to a significant degree. All it does is reduce the carbon dioxide levels.When you stop breathing, the first thing that happens is that carbon dioxide levels in your blood rise, long before the oxygen decreases. So your body uses carbon dioxide as a measuring and warning system instead of oxygen because it's more sensitive. If you hook yourself up to a pulse oxymeter (you can get them on ebay or amazon for less than $20) that measures your blood's oxygen saturation and hold your breath, you will actually find yourself gasping for air long before the number on the display changes at all. That's just the rising carbon dioxide level that tells you to breathe. But if you hyperventilate first, you will be able to hold your breath long enough for the oxygen saturation to drop without feeling an overwhelming need to breathe.That's all that hyperventilating does: It manipulates you body's warning systems so you can hold your breath longer than it's safe. This is why you should never ever hyperventilate before diving. In a life and death situation like freeing yourself from a sinking car, it might keep you from panicking for a few extra seconds, so it might be a good idea. And if I ever find myself with concrete boots I will hyperventilate like crazy, so I will pass out and die before the real panic sets in.
Best reason to not smoke in your car.
And this is why there is no such thing as too many safety precautions or too many backups when an experiment puts someone at risk.
Military aircrews do dunker training to practice egressing submerged and upside down aircraft. Completely controlled environment with all sorts of safety measures built in. Still not fun at all.  
Sinking car. For anyone that didn't watch it. When the episode aired he said it was the scariest he had done, and that lasted till he finished
He's*
He's*
*He's 
My palms were sweating profusely just listening to that story. I have had countless nightmares about this situation and he's right when he said that it's many people's phobia.
When will Reddit finally allow people to edit their posts to fix typos in the titles?
Jeez. Even knowing all the precautions and safety nets he had...to think calm people live, tense people die....fucking terrifying. Thanks for the clip, OP! Edit- misquoted, now fixed. 
I got anxious just listening to him tell this story
His had too many close calls
So...get your car fully cleansed if previous owner was a smoker....if that's possible.
Fuck me that's a savage story!!
/r/titlegore 
I can think of at least one thing they weren't allowed to do. It had something to do with credit card companies and hacking GPS locator implants.
Can someone give me a TL;DR, can't watch right now :/
He's* = he has/is His is possessive. So the had was his?
Wow. He's a cool dude. He's. 
/r/titlegore
his had #1
/r/titlegore 
[here's](https://youtu.be/q3_HEKMgqbE) the experiment he talked about 
r/titlegore
His had a very scary experience. Gave me goospimples
Felt like I was the one in that car. Scary!
You know, what is the scariest experience his had?
here is the video of the experiment if anyone's interested https://youtube.com/watch?v=q3_HEKMgqbE
This gave me anxiety
Glad to see Adam's making a comeback all of a sudden. What a nice guy. 
I don't understand , so he inhaled a bunch of water?After that how do you control anything, surely you're involuntary/reflexively trying to cough it up and gasping for air
When i was like 10 we built a raft in the pool that covered a huge portion of surface area. My dumbass dropped my goggles under the water and I decided to swim.under the raft and retrieve them. I thought i knew where I was and so i came back up. I recall hitting my head under the raft so hard it kinked my neck. I couldnt see because tbe chllrine burned my eyes and forced them to shut. I remember trying to not panic and feeling out the raft. Idk hkw lkng I was under but my lungs were burnkng and begging for a breath of air. Finally i got oit from under. Simce then I just dont go into water anymore unless its like a little shallow pool.
I was living in Dublin, CA when he launched a cannon ball that missed its target and bounced through a house and smashed into a car. This story takes place in the East Bay; I will have to wikipedia these guys again. I forget if they're local boys near me.
my god that was scary. i think most people would've died.
I love the Q & As that Adam does. I still feel shitty that Adam and Jamie don't get on though. I don't know why, it just doesn't sit right at all.
I remember when this show first started and i watched it with my dad all the time, i wish it was still on.
Calm people live, tense people die. Love that quote because it's completely true in every aspect of life.
Although I saw every episode including this one, I had to stop listening at around 2:10 since all the underwater car stuff he did freaked me out. 
Well, I wasn't afraid of being in a car that's sinking until now, so thanks for that. Scary stuff man. I'll never forget that saying though: calm people live.
That is horrifying. I would have died. 
I recall a story from my childhood... we used to camp on an island, and the camp owner's wife had her car pushed from the ferry one day. The driver behind her just confused the brake and gas or something, and sent her hurtling through the guard and into the deep. I work on an island now, so I take the ferry across twice a day. After watching this episode air originally, I bought one of those commercial glass breakers, which also has a seatbelt cutter and light on it. Makes me feel better.
So this also happens in helicopters. If you every need to fly long distance over water in a helicopter, they will take you to a dunk tank. I guess you could ask to go out of curiosity if you want, too. They dunk the chopper and flip it over as all helicopters are top-heavy. And you can't jump out right away or you might get mangled by the blades. You have to wait until it flips and everything has gone quiet and dark. By then most of the air is likely gone as helicopters are not very waterproof. They usually don't give you air, they just will have divers drag you out if you don't meet the timings. If you ever are in that kinda of a situation in any sort of vehicle, you need to memorize a route to an exit that you can follow with your hands. And always one hand in front of the next, never let go. If you let go, you will most likely never find the door. 
I wish people would check their posts for egregious typos.  I understand things get through but his, really?
Without knowing anything about the scuba/diving industry, it seems like there is a market for a regulator that works at any orientation.
im having a hard time breathing air, seated in front of my computer while watching this... 
its incredible how much mythbusters means to my whole generation. these guys deserve something big for all the crazy entertaining work they did
My heart sped up just listening to his story. That was amazing.
[Here's the episode he's referring to.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3_HEKMgqbE)
That is why during the offshore [Helicopter Underwater Escape Training](https://youtu.be/UBhM0CWEsBc) (watch from 3:30) they teach you the following steps:* Sit tight untill helicopter is completely submerged* Have one hand on a bearing (windows/door)* Have one hand on the seatbelt. * Open window/door * Open seatbelt* Escape.. (very important step)
His surname. So savage.
Wouldn't the reason for the vehicle doing the flipping turtle is that the engine is the center of gravity and the vehicle rotates around it?I can understand that most people would think that it would dive bomb itself towards the depths of the ocean or river but when you factor in a small current....it kinda changes the whole perspective of it. Video is very enlightening and if I could give him a gold star I would
Person with zero scuba knowledge here.Why is the mouthpiece directional? Adam said in the video he inserted it into his mouth upside-down. Why can't they be made to work 360 degrees when put in the mouth?
HIS HAD 
How do these fucking posts with typos make the front page. 
Why is this 3 year old video being posted like it's new? Was it private before or something? 
Watching this actually caused me to have a slight asthma attack,jesus christ i cant fathom being calm in that situation.
He's had*
Funny how he completely avoided telling us about Credit Card RFID for the first part of the question.
Came to the comments to find the video of the story he is telling. You have failed me best and top comment filter.
If you've ever been in a situation where you think you are going to drown, it's pretty scary, it's like he says, it's not like being under water holding your breath, as soon as you know you're in trouble, body goes into huge panic mode.  I've been there when I was a child in a swimming pool as a kid and I was pretty shaken up by it, it's not something you forget. Probably that's how waterboarding works to make it an effective method of torture despite a description of it sounding like it's no big deal.
Geez, I felt claustrophobic just hearing that story. 
The Litany Against Fear:I must not fear.Fear is the mind-killer.Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration.I will face my fear.I will permit it to pass over me and through me.And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path.Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.__**Gold edit:**The Litany Against Productivity:I must not reddit.Reddit is the time-killer.Reddit is the little-thing that brings total procrastination.I will face reddit.I will permit it only for news and information.And when I have clicked past I will turn the inner eye to see the truth.Where reddit has gone there will be nothing accomplished and an still-unchanged dead lightbulb in the hallway. Oh shit, the oven.
This is very important. Two years ago I joined rookie school for a beach patrol that is close to where I live. I had many years of competitive swimming under my built and I had always joked that I was more at home in the water. Although I was an amazing swimmer, I was far from an amazing athlete, so by the third day of running, push-ups, sit ups, and every grueling land workout in-between I was psychically exhausted. I had just finished my 2nd mile run when my supervisor told me to swim out to the 3rd sandbar and back. I was so happy to finally do another water exercise I grabbed my lifeguard buoy and started to swim. Trying to save energy I focused on my form, so I kept my head down (no goggles) and when I needed to breath I would turn my head to the side (like you would swimming in a pool). When I got past the 2nd sandbar I tilted my head and inhaled nothing but saltwater and the salty foam from the wave. Within the same second I sank, there was no air in my lungs to keep me afloat and plenty of water in my belly to weigh me down. Before I could react, I vomited under the water so hard it propelled me backwards a little. After I threw up my body's first reaction was to breath in again, but I fought the urge and ended up vomiting again. I could feel the urge to panic, but for some reason felt unbelievably calm and focused. Then a very clear thought came through that I was still attached to my buoy. I reached around with my eyes closed until I felt the strap and I pulled my self hand over hand until I reached my buoy on the surface. I floated on it for a little while to catch my breath and then I finished my swim. If I didn't have as much experience in the water or if I panicked instead of clearly thinking about what I needed to do, I'm certain I would have drowned that day. From personal experience I can not stress that quote enough
This is hypothesized as why severely drunk people limply propelled from their car in accidents seem to do better than non-drunk. And why little kids and babies are so resilient despite their tendency to topple.
The real question is, why has evolution designed us to panic so easily, if that's truly the case.
This quote is why I lost my virginity.  
I read a really good quote in a book called *Rhapsody* once that was along the same lines: Fear will kill you when nothing else wants toNot quite the same, but pretty close.
Fear cuts deeper than swords
My favorite:  No one ever got ahead by losing theirs
He absolutely is. Some of my favorite talks:* [On obsessions and objects](https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_savage_s_obsessions)* [On cosplay](https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_savage_my_love_letter_to_cosplay)* [On failure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5sbUi3_w3w)* [On scientific discovery](https://www.ted.com/talks/how_simple_ideas_lead_to_scientific_discoveries)* And he often tells all kinds of stories on [Tested](http://www.tested.com/videos/inside-adam-savages-cave/)
For real. When I saw 7 minutes, I was immediately like 'nah I'm not sticking with this,' but you know I watched every second. 
his*
I felt more tense listening to him tell his story than I did watching the actual clip
They say that a good story teller can make you visualize the story. I think because I've watched him so long, and I saw the other episode, it was just so easy to imagine it. I mean, he's a great story teller anyway. He's Adam Savage. But that extra just made it like another episode for me. 
[Talking To My Kids About Sex In The Internet Age](https://themoth.org/stories/talking-to-my-kids-about-sex-in-the-internet-age), from The Moth Radio Hour
He has a good pace that reflects the intensity of the story.  He allows short breaks for you to quickly process what he said.  He tells the story like he lived through it, which he did, instead of sounding like a reporter or monotone.  You can slowly hear his near panic as he tells the story.  Man I wish he was my uncle.  No offence to my real uncles.  
He has a story on the moth about how he found out about his kids first experience with Internet porn. It's pretty great because it's Adam in full dad mode.
Every other weekend I have to make a long drive. I keep his podcasts saved so I can listen to them during that time, he is so great to listen to
What I learned: without an extra oxygen source, were all pretty F'd if our car has a major impact in water. 
and he has balls of steel
Well, you kinda have to be to run a show like that. Myth busters premise is surrounded by the mythology regarding modern myths. The word myth comes from the Greeks. And the Greeks were the best story tellers.
May he rest in piece
Best /r/nosleep 2017, 10/10.
He tells stories in such an engaging way
He's very eloquent.
Yeah, seriously.  I'm a video producer and constantly analyze how something feels versus it's actual length.  This felt like 3 minutes long, and was 7.  That's insanely engaging.
He tells stories like this occasionally on his podcast Still Untitled: The Adam Savage Project. Often the episodes are hit or miss, but you sometimes get gems like this story (which he has also told on there).
It wasn't 7 minutes..... it was...  uhhh... oh.
Ok, [I'm convinced](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01A9Z9MFE/ref=psdc_15736681_t3_B00JJBWMDO). I hope I just wasted 10 bucks and I never need to use it.
holy shit he wasn't kidding about how dirty the water became. damn.
I'm surprised they didn't mention the cigarette water in the episode! 
I recommend people watch this video with the audio from OP's video.  They are about the same length so as he narrates they sync up amazingly well
I love how nonchalant the episode is compared to how harrowing Adam's description of it was.  Just watching the episode you'd never know this was Adam's scariest moment.
How in the fuck did they ever get insurance on this show?
I'm just amazed that they hardly ever swear during these things. If that were me I'd be dropping all kinds of f-bombs trying to find my way out. Or maybe that's just the editing. 
knowing the backstory to what happened in the car gives me so much more anxiety while watching that video
Jesus...That's terrifying to watch after listening to him describe it...
My man!
What's the difference between a kids ruler and an adults ruler?
Managed two car washes in the past, the things you see in cars, can change you... 
I worked in car rental once and despite a no smoking policy some people still did. One guy returned his car with several cigar butts and ashes in the cup holder, and the car reeking of smoke. When we confronted him he said the smell was from driving near a forest fire.Then when we told him he had to pay the fee he denied us ever telling him not too or that we didn't have stickers in the car telling not to smoke. We did, like 4 of them, and when we pushed it he threatened to sue us. Not even the worst customer we had by far.
This really makes it obvious that smoking in cars with kids needs to be *illegal.*
We had a renter at one of my parents complexes who lived for 18 years in one unit, until he died of lung disease. My dad claims he smiled 3 packs a day. The walls were yellow with tar and we ended up not only painting but eventually replacing the drywall and popcorn ceiling to get the smell out.
Why do you have to use some kid's ruler? Can't you just use an adult's ruler? Get your own ruler, dick. 
Detailed cars for 12 years and only once did I have a car so coated with cigarette smoke that it took lacquer thinner and several microfiber rags to clean the inside windshield. 
I know exactly what you mean. Disgusting. 
Literally pls bleach my eyes 
It's the same thing repairing smokers' computers. Normal dust build up in a computer case is a light grey fluff that sits at the bottom of the case or a little ticker on the leading edge of fans and inside heatsinks. Almost all of it can get removed with just an air compressor no problem.Smokers' computers have grime, not dust. The entire case, all the fans, heatsinks, electronics, everything, is covered in this brown/black greasy sludge. You can't air compressor it, it's stuck to everything it touches. Trying to wipe it out with paper towel just smears it more all over everything. It's like trying to clean up an oil spill in a computer case. Plus the smell is horrible.If a smokers' computer came in we didn't even bother cleaning it as we would normally do for computers that came in for service. If it was bad enough we wouldn't even do anything outside of software fixes. Wouldn't replace fans, or hard drives or power supply or ram. If it was a hardware issue we would recommend replacing the entire computer and tell them that their smoking is the reason it died and show them the inside of the case as evidence.
Imagine what his lungs must look like... 
Hell, I'm a smoker and I find it disgusting how people can smoke in their car. 
Wow. I'm very glad that you were carrying the knife. I'm guessing you still carry one every day after that experience?
I can't even imagine. That's one of my biggest fears. 
[deleted]
Wait in the second one did he say that Jamie owned a pet store at 15?
I'm sure both of those were a bit too much for the teams themselves to want to air. 
This puts a new spin on an event that I experienced as a young pet mice owner. 
> still unclear circumstances How is it unclear?>Texas Instruments' account of their call with Grant and our producer is factually correct.
his had the goodest days
Get on my level.
> He mentions hyperventilating to help with holding breath as bringing extra oxygen into his blood. Isn't the point of hyperventilating before holding your breath to expel as much CO2 as possibleYes, this is absolutely correct. By hyperventilating, you don't get a meaningful amount of extra oxygen into your system. You just get rid of CO2.> as the CO2 buildup causes you to passout way before you run out of Oxygen. This is not true under normal conditions. Too much CO2 will make you pass out, but unless you're breathing oxygen-enriched air beforehand, the lack of oxygen will make you pass out sooner.The reason why hyperventilating allows you to hold your breath longer is because rising CO2 levels are the warning signal for you have to breathe now. If you lower your CO2 levels by hyperventilating before holding your breath, it will take longer for the warning signal to kick in. The oxygen, on the other hand, will fall just as quickly as when you don't hyperventilate.So basically, hyperventilating before holding your breath just suppresses your body's warning system without actually allowing you to hold your breath for longer.
> When she was found the next day, most of the back window tint had been scratched off.nighmare fuel
I am so, so sorry for your loss, and the fact that she passed like that....I pray for your wife, that some day she'll be at some kind of peace with everything. Again, my condolences to you and your family. 
I'm sorry for your loss :(
His a good storyteller.
Came here looking for this. Disappointed it's not higher.
My feet got sweaty.
That was the other team.
It's the way the bubbles release. They float upward, so if it's upside down they float back into the regulator, bringing water with them.
I would have gone with cancer, or accidentally setting your interior on fire, but I suppose that's as valid as any other answer.
Yeah people who work on oil rigs and the like have to as well.  Done if a couple times myself.  I'm thinking of finding another job before having to renew that I hate it so much.  Some people actually enjoy it.
Just think about someone without all the safety nets that he had. Thorough knowledge of what's going to happen ahead of time, extra oxygen on his arm, self-awareness that he's panicking and the ability to calm himself down, scuba-knowledge to take out the regulator/reverse it/clear it. The average Joe in this situation is dead, everytime. Being in a non-smoking car would probably help a lot as they'd be able to see and be less disoriented, but once outside the car would they even be able to tell which way is up?
No way. It will be so embedded in every nook and cranny, the fabric, the ventilation system, etc. You'd pay more cleaning a used smoker car than just buying a non smoking car in the first place.
Don't buy from smokers unless you are a smoker.
Wanted to test how to escape a car crash where the car fall into water.Test car was owned by a smoker so when the car got put in the smoke and chemicals in the seat over the years dissolved into the water and prevented Adam from opening his eyes, he got disoriented and forgot what part of the car he was in, where the door was e.t.c and couldn't his eyes. Eventually he got a respirator from some of the guys helping out but he was upside down and ended up with lots of water in his system. He stayed calm and didn't die in the end, but said it was scary.My crap synopsis doesn't do his story telling justice though. 
http://i.imgur.com/i78PADo.jpgEDIT: credit to /u/adeadhead
Oh mighty Shai-hulud. Keeper of balance. Bless the Maker and His water. Bless the coming and going of Him May His passage cleanse the world
I JUST FINISHED DUNE LAST WEEKEND AND IM SO HAPPY I GOT THE REFERENCE
Tell me about your world and its water, Muad 'Dib.
At this very moment I just set down Dune to check Reddit. Very relevant comment.
I just finished that book! It's so good!
I always love telling people this, it's a good thing to remember when you notice you are scared.
##Two Corinthians, people!  Am I right?
But I can't recite that on one breath of air...
Tell me he wasn't a psychonaut. 
>Reddit is the little-thing that brings total procrastination.  Little-death is still appropriate there: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_petite_mort
Fear? No. I am the mind killer. 
sounds like maori haka
I say that every time I'm about to give blood. 
Short and sweet,  me and my buddy went swimming off the boat in the middle of the ocean,  no wind,  bright blue sky,  nothing that would've deterred us from going in. We didn't take into account the current... Shortly after going in the water I realized how strong it was.  There was no way I could reach the Jacob's ladder and I consider myself not a really good swimmer but I can swim, and I would not get anywhere with the current. Withing a minute I was 50ft from where I jumped in.  I tried reaching for a bumper but it was too high.. And this came to mind stay calm,  think, even though my friend was screamin and paddling,  he was panicking.  I spread my legs and arms out and started floating and drifting off.  Everything happened so fast,  someone managed to throw a life bouy, I swam towards my friend and managed to get him around his life ring.. But Ill always remember,  stay calm.. And a saying if you pretend your dead the sea will leave you alone.  
That's a tense read, glad you made it mate
I know that feeling of surreal tranquility and focus when underwater.  When I was younger I got stuck at the bottom of a tube slide.  Before I could unstick myself from the ride is was hit from behind be a very large man by suprise.  I was knocked straight to the bottom of the pool with little to no air.  I distinctly remember thinking that the surface looked so beautiful and far away.  After a few seconds I thought, I should probably swim up, and I'll tell you, it felt like it took an eternity to swim back up with little to no air in my system. 
I had a less glamorous similar experience where my body board flipped me arse over head when I hit a wave wrong in chest deep water. For some reason I exhaled instead of gasping, found myself flailing about like something out of a deranged puppet show and not able to get to the surface in time... then another wave came down and I was under for a good 5 or 6 seconds more. It was one of those slightly melodramatic moments where I thought there was a genuine possibility I might die.
Wow I'm glad you're ok. Btw one of my pet peeves If it's pronounced breeth it's spelled breathe. If it's pronounced brehth it's spelled breath. 
You had to make me [go look](http://www.livescience.com/24979-alcohol-injury-outcome.html) at why really drunk people survive better. > His findings don't show that a drunk driver's injuries during a car crash are likely to be less serious than those suffered by potential sober victims, just that if all parties suffer the same injuries, the sober ones are more likely to die.> You don't die from the injury itself, you die from the subsequent physiological response, things like inflammation and rapid fluid loss, Friedman told Life's Little Mysteries. If you get shot by a gun, it's not the hole that kills you.As the man said, 'Calm people live, tense people die.'
Passengers who are asleep while an accident occurs exhibit similar results.  No need to get sauced...
Because we didn't evolve to be in stupidly complex situations involving being submerged under water in a giant metal machine while relying on another highly complex machine containing compressed air to keep us alive.  We evolved to bite, scratch, run, kick, and get away however possible against some other bag of meat trying to eat us.  
Because previously threats to your existence were things that animal reactions were capable of fixing. Running, fighting... They're no good when you need to complete a mathematics exam or aim a rifle, but they've been useful for the last several millions of years and thus they remain.>But when the flash flood crosses your path, when the lion leaps at you from the grasses, advanced self-awareness is an unaffordable indulgence. The brain stem does its best. > Peter Watts, Blindsight
Evolution didn't design anything.  We're just a product of things that don't get killed quite as easily as similar things.  
uhhh... did you happen to be on a boat out in open water when this happened?
story time?
Saved your post to take a better look at some of these. He really is fantastic! Thank you for sharing!
What is the big failure he is talking about in one of the videos? It doesn't sound like it's myth busters he's talking about
The fact that Adam had me captivated for 15 minutes while talking about dodo birds and replicating a falcon from a story I never read/movie I never watched amazes me.
That's cosplay one was really well done.
I stumbled into a half-hour video of him artificially weathering a microscope case so it looks period-appropriate.  That video more than any other showed me he's an artist with a true joy in his craft.Go ahead, [watch 5 minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXzxEqdvuIE), skip around.  That's what I meant to do.
That first video makes him sound a bit manic.
Just watched the Cosplay one and it had me in tears.So many feels in his speech, it was amazing.
So at the end of Obsessions and Objects he talks about how he would love to see one of the Originals of the Maltese Falcons.Did he get his wish?
Thanks for sharing! This was really good!
Wow. I just learned about birds and obsession more than I'd ever known, and just when I really got into it, he left me wanting to know more. 
Adam is such a wonderful guy to listen to and look up to.  He openly talks about being obsessed about his projects as a hobby in ways nobody else does and I relate to it so much.  Him obsessively trying to make a replica of the Maltese falcon really spoke to me,  as I've spent so much of my life trying to make things like that just as a love of the crafts and show of Fandom. 
You're not kidding. I didn't watch it originally because it was that long. Read your comment and went for it. Was even upset when I looked and there was only 2 mins left. I wanted 20 more
Shit, I didn't even realize it was 7 minutes. It was so interesting it felt like a 2 minute video.
~~What? No, it is 'He is'.~~Edit: Never mind, I should pay more attention to the titles.
His had. Let's get retarded in here. 
Do you have a link to the clip 
I had to pause the video to catch my breath. I'm still feeling very tense and anxious. 
Thanks for that, that was a really good listen :)
As a non-native English speaker he's extremely easy to understand although he speaks quite fast. It may be that his accent is more forgiving to my ears or(/and) he just speaks very clearly without sounding a kindergarten teacher.
I think it's more of the previous car owner being a smoker. That was the contingency they didn't see or plan for. Adam said that he couldn't open his eyes because the water was milky. I'm sure if he had his eyes open it would've been another story. 
Plus it is something that we can easily relate to. You can imagine almost by just listening to the story
He has very pretty eyes
His*
Haha, that's interesting. I'd never heard of that particular viewing habit. Is there a term for that? Just engagement? Relative length:actual length ratio?
What's his podcast about? Is it just him shooting the shit? 
The ninja sex party song 6969 is 9 minutes and for the longest time I thought it was 3-4 minutes lol.
Eh, my worry is that in the chaos, I won't have time to grab the hammer doodad, and by the time the car is full of water, I won't be able to get enough power with the drag of the water to break the window with the hammer style ones.I own this [badboy.](https://www.amazon.com/resqme-Original-Keychain-Escape-Black/dp/B000IE0EZO)Spring loaded window punch and still has the seat belt cutter. You just press it against the window and it does all the work.
If you can get past the heavily biased writing style, this article will challenge your comfort in how well the tools actually work:http://www.caranddriver.com/columns/caution-no-placebo-effect-beyond-this-point
They make digital tire pressure gauge/flashlight/window hammer/ seatbelt cutters.  They're not much more than a tire pressure gauge is normally so I keep one in each car
Not sure if it's true, but I've heard that the posts sticking out of the removable headrests in cars is also designed to be used to break the windows in an emergency. 
I was convinced about that when they did that first episode, and demonstrated just how utterly impossible it is to break a window under water without one. 
Go with a [Spring Loaded Center Punch](http://www.harborfreight.com/spring-loaded-center-punch-621.html) and mount it with velcro to the [little ledge on your instrument cluster behind the wheel](http://image.cpsimg.com/sites/carparts-mc/assets/classroom/images/dash_gauges.jpg).  It's easy to find at that location and at reach, and with the spring loaded punch, you don't have to swing.  Just press and push against the glass and it does the work. 
Did you intentionally made it a Referral-link or does amazon automates it now?  There is a *ref=* in the url.
Also useful in case you get in an accident and your door is jammed shut somehow (which I'd wager is a more likely scenario)
I bought one of these and then lost track of it. Turns out it actually was with all my roadside emergency gear... In a box in the trunk of my car. So needless to say, it's within reach now.
Well, given that it's a referral link hopefully you've made your ten bucks back by now. 
After imagining Adam's panic I'm going straight to this thing: http://www.scuba.com/CA/scuba-gear-33/033016/H2O-Extra-Air-Source-Pony-Bottle-Regulator-2nd-Generation.html 
[Don't smoke, kids](https://imgur.com/5syJzuG). That looks murky as hell. No doubt that would sting your eyes.
It looks REAL gnarly before the second flip. You can see how brackish and gross it is.Then theres a few shots when its pretty close to full where you can see how cloudy and full of debris it is.
Hell, it's visibly brown before he's completely submerged, holy crap.CLEAN YOUR CARS, PEOPLE!
He probably didn't figure that out at the time of escaping. Most likely was an after thought 
I know they're supposedly not friends outside the show, but part of me was still holding out for Jamie to show some kind of concern for Adam as the car unexpectedly flipped :(
Before or after they launched a cannonball through several homes/cars in a neighborhood? 
That Discovery crab fishing money $$$
The show made more boat loads of money than the boat loads it took to insure them.
Kid's rulers have special How thick is the tar on this car-seat sides on them.
One is used as a measure of length and the other as a measure of potential of 3 am tweets and how fake a news is.
I am guessing that a kids ruler is so imprecise, and they often don't have the 0 t  the left side.
We have rules at work that measure in increments of I believe 10 thousandths of an inch, I just use micrometer and calipers but I imagine maybe that's the difference between a kids  and an adults ruler. 
Sig figs?
Even being less precise and rough, it still can measure it
Care to share some highlights?
As a valet for 2 years I totally agree
There were a few cars we recognized as babymobiles we ran and hid when they showed up. The new guys got the brunt of those ones. Same with the minivans from the reservations.
So, what was the worst customer?
Isn't it? It's illegal most places I've been. (Not from the US).
Sixty smiles a day? I wouldn't mind going that way eventually!
Only way to do it, the nicotine and smoke gets into the plaster. My nan gave up smoking 15+ years ago, I can still smell it in their house despite redecorating twice.
Smiling 3 packs a day doesnt sound that bad....
It's baffling to imagine it has to go through their lungs and mouth first.
Yeah I still carry one pretty much every day, that and a glass breaker in the car are good tools to have! 
Kids these days wouldn't stand a chance. I hardly know anyone that carries a pocket knife, and if you bring it to school your getting expelled 
Definitely, for the next year or so I almost couldn't handle riding in cars or anything heh 
Updated with details!
There was a reddit post the other day talking about how he ran away from home at 14 and ended up doing all this crazy shit like that afterwards
yes
Not sure about the second, but I wouldn't be surprised if the answer to the first myth was very hackable, which might have some very serious societal consequences.
story ?
> If I went into the detail of exactly why this story didn't get filmed, it's so bizarre and convoluted that no one would believe meYes, they made the decision themselves but the why remains unclear.
I sifted through the comments to find this one! I heard him say I hyperventilated to get more oxygen in and was so excited to have caught Adam Savage in a myth. 
And to add to that, decreasing your amount of PCO2 will decrease the amount of PO2 your blood can carry by decreasing PCO2 it raises the blood pH. A rise in pH causes more tight binding with hemoglobin (shift left). This would create less free oxygen in the blood. Hence, lower PO2.Tl;Dr: don't hyperventilate, it will actually lower your level of available O2 while making you feel like you are doing OK end result being you are more likely to pass out from lack of O2.
And it was sticking up above the surface of the water. She could see freedom and safety. She died a quarter of an inch from it.
Close but not quite right.Most regs will breathe wet when inverted. Simple physics explains it. You put the exhaust diaphragm higher than the mouthpiece. You exhale and rather than the bubbles going down and water pressure trying to close the diaphragm while they do, it is now holding it open as the bubbles escape. It does not seal fast enough to keep all the water out.
Oh yea, I work with a few folks who enjoy it. I don't hate it I guess but definitely don't look forward to it. What aircraft are you flying out on these days?
Blow bubbles and follow them, but again, that's not always the first thought people have in a panic situation.
As he pointed out though, most of that could have been avoided if he had a window hammer in the car.  Just break the window during that early part where the car is still floating and get your ass out of there.  
[fear is the mind killer](http://imgur.com/Zcp1Xs7)
I laughed too long at that one.  Still laughing actually. 
Only on reddit.  Have an upvote you glorious bastard.
Oh mighty Shai-huludKeeper of balanceBless the Maker and His waterBless the coming and going of HimMay His passage cleanse the world...
I don't know why this is so amazing.
God damnit
*Will you build a civilization that will stand the test of time?*
I'm high on melange so I don't have anything clever to say, but I feel like I have to reply to this.
Bene Gesserit witch!
Apparently Dune needs to be a thing in my life.
Tell me about your home world, Usul. 
What a grim thought, but so true. It's like the sea can't kill what it thinks is dead, tricked you stupid sea. 
Haha that's clever as fuck
I was pretty sure he was going to tell us he died.  Sarcasm aside... I totally agree.
Ooh, I had a similar experience. Before I knew how to swim I wore those inflatable arm cuffs. One time I jumped in the pool without them, but was very calm about it. For a few seconds I just chilled at the bottom of the pool, looking up at the sky through the water and thinking how pretty it looked. Of course I wasn't swimming unsupervised so someone jumped in to pull me out very quickly, and everything was fine.
This is why I'm keeping a bottle of liquor in my car in case I turn turtle. 
Excellent lookup; thank you! Although I would imagine that the increased heart pump contribution to cardiac output is also enhanced by a stress response, so I'm not sure I buy his physiological argument here. High levels of stress hormones do things like conserve urine (high aldosterone) and increase cardiac output (high nor/epinephrine). The latter constricts arteries, which should reduce fluid loss in a bleed injury. I have not looked at the data set, but I wonder if they were really able to control accurately for the severity of injury when comparing alcohol and non-alcohol injuries. If they weren't, even in some relatively subtle ways, those differences in outcome might be imputed to the presence of alcohol being on board at the time of injury in reducing severity, rather than the physiologic effects of alcohol post-injury.
In a situation like that, is it the alcohol interfering with your body's response or staying calm? I'm pretty sure you can be as calm as you want and you're still going into shock after enough trauma or blood loss but I might be wrong.
I'm not advocating that you do, I'm just saying this if accurate illustrates the value of basically staying calm. Do you have a source on the sleep injuries causing better outcomes? I'm curious about it.
What I'm hearing is that you want me to drive while sleeping.
My teeth arnt fangs... My nails are short.... My cardio isn't great.... My kicks arnt high... God damn it, I would die in the wild. 
It's the implication
That's what he told her with a knife to her throat.
I've watched two already, they're worth the watch!
I just finished watching the first 4 of them, all of them are amazing. I could listen to him tell stories for hours.
Same question I had.I think the answer will be in these related videos where he tells more of the storyhttp://library.fora.tv/2009/05/30/MythBuster_Adam_Savages_Colossal_FailuresEdit:  this article has the details in text form.     http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20121019/NEWS/310199995
Here's him telling the complete story. [link](http://www.tested.com/art/makers/461754-adam-savage-one-his-biggest-failures/)
[Watch the full video here. That video was just a short segment. I haven't watched the whole video so I can't tell you the big failure he made.](http://library.fora.tv/2009/05/30/MythBuster_Adam_Savages_Colossal_Failures)
That talk really resounded with me.  Something about the hard work and passion that goes into activities like cosplaying is so crazy but so admirable.  I always hope that people are able to find a hobby that they can be that passionate about.
I love long videos. I tag them and watch them while I get high. Yay.
You might like his channel, especially his one day builds, there's something about him describing his build as he builds it that leaves you enthralled. I have zero interest in any wood or metalwork, I loathed it in school, but his videos have awoken an interest in me that I never knew I had, it's fascinating. 
Even that comment didn't do it for me, then i read yours. Didn't look up until 30s left.
His just making fun of OP.
https://youtu.be/QIx719_oer0
Calm people live. Calm People Live. FUCKING CALM PEOPLE LIVE... oh, ok, well, good then. 
And beautiful hair
There is a concept called flow: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)One component is A distortion of temporal experience, one's subjective experience of time is altered.So a long video feels shorter.
It's with him and some of the other makers from Tested, so a lot of it is talking about creating stuff, tools, his workshop, etc., and the rest is shooting the shit about movies and other random stuff.  I find it really fascinating even as someone who isn't a maker, but like I said, it can be hit or miss. Recently Simone Giertz, the creator of a ton of the shitty robots that have gone viral recently, has been a regular co-host/guest, and she's been pretty great.
The pink one has the best spring.
I actually have a small ziploc baggy strapped to the driver's side seat that has a window smasher, a knife and a pair of goggles. I used to drive on long, windy roads adjacent to a body of water. At night, that road was easily the most dangerous thing I did on a daily basis. After a few close calls (assholes trying to pass around a bend), I just set this thing up with velcro so that it's always there if I should need it. Thankfully I never have. 
You break the window before the car is full of water. If it's full if water you can just open the door.
I own about a dozen cheap pocket knives with seat belt cutters and window punches on them. I always have one on me. They are all less than $10 each. Why do I buy so many? Because I'm an idiot and always have one on me. I'm live out in the country in Arkansas so everyone always has a pocket knife on them. So why does that make me an idiot? Because I end up throwing them away when I show up somewhere that they are not allowed and it's in my pocket. A good example is in Philadelphia at Independence Hall and across the street at the Liberty Bell. So I'm an idiot for bringing a knife somewhere I should guess they are not allowed but I'm a smart enough idiot that I don't carry an expensive knife. But seriously, a folding pocket knife with a 3 inch blade is not a dangerous weapon of terror. Security and safety is important but having pocket knives as contraband at places like that is idiotic. It seems like nearly everyone in this country has turned into a bunch of chickenshit bastards afraid of their own shadows. Caution is different than the culture of absolute terror of being attacked that everyone seems to have. Part of having a free society like ours is that it's impossible to guarantee everyone's safety all the time. Even giving up all of our rights and freedoms can't guarantee safety from a determined terrorist.I had these thoughts and found it ironic how much people have changed since our countries founding. Now feeling safe but not actually being any safer is worth more than the ideals that the nation was founded on. 
I don't really have spare windows to practice a new tool on and I don't trust my ability to reliably use a new tool in an emergency.I can figure a hammer out. 
My pocket knife has one on it so thankfully its pretty much always in my pocket. Maybe attach it under the seat? Or something? 
I got one of those but don't believe it works. I was trying to get it to work yesterday and it wouldn't. It's some Chinese crap. I have a mechanical punch that works fine but am afraid if the car crashed or flipped I wouldn't be able to find it and there's no way to attach it to a keyring.
I feel like something people don't think about with these hammers is if you use them before the car fills up you are going to have a surprise as glass filled water starts rushing in through the window.
It doesn't take much force since it's all focused into the point. Tempered glass just needs to be pierced. Once even the tiniest fracture is formed, the tension in the glass will do the rest of the work for you and takes out the whole thing.[Adam demonstrates the hammer underwater in the original underwater car episode. Just a small swing (mostly wrist, not even swinging his arm) and the window instantly shatters.](https://youtu.be/PpoxvN__xKo#t=37m45s)
Somewhere I saw that it's hard to break windows from the outside but easier from the inside.
Not true. Some can, but it is not intentional and far from universal. Better to encourage people to buy a $10 tool than perpetuate this factoid.
That's what I've heard as well. But I hope I never have to use it. 
Worth noting that a lot of them are flat or blunt on the end, and some cars don't have removable headrests at all. Unless it's a sharp point like the escape tools, you're kinda SOL with those. If you're worried about it, you can always pull your headrest off and check if it's one of the removeable kinds.
It takes me like a minute to get my headrest out of the seat in normal conditions, if I had to do that underwater I'm boned.
I have that punch but am afraid I'd lose it in a crash.
I wish I was that smart. I just copied the URL I used. Someone else made ten bucks off my inattentiveness.  
Ewwwwwwwwwwww.
Initial thought was that someone - not gonna say who - shit themselves.But it makes a lot of sense that it was owned by a heavy smoker.
TIL smoking and driving off of barges is a bad idea
When he finally got the door open it was insane how different the water colors were. Outside of the car was a clear, bright blue, and just inside the car it looked like he had fallen in the ocean next to a BP oil rig. 
Cleaning the car wouldn't fix that, he even said in the first video that they cleaned it thoroughly prior to the test.
The smoke and ash particles stick to the inside of your car, it would take more than those $.50 vacuums to clean that up
Could've mentioned it in the voiceover though. The problem was it makes it a worst-case scenario test instead of an average case test. In most bodies of water, you could open your eyes and look around.I love Mythbusters a lot, I'm in the middle of my 4th or 5th rewatch right now (shoutout to /r/smyths), but it's not uncommon that they leave something out that makes the test less valid than it appears. I imagine that it's usually because they can't afford to throw away their full scale rig and test again, so they have to make a segment with whatever they got.
I still can't believe their oversight on that one
thank
They used them in the 50's to ensure their child passengers were receiving enough healthy 2nd hand smoke
Steel scales I use break down to 1/64 so .015 of an inch.  Or 15 thousandths. 
I just got PTSD
Mostly you learn the unimaginable filth levels people can attain.  Dead animals. Bodily fluids of both humans and animals.  Wasted food that could feed half a city. And these are all the people that only want the outside of the car cleaned... 
/r/carbage/
Fuck the highlights, we want lowlights.
You just gave me a flashback to the summer in college that I worked as a valet at a downtown hotel. This family arrives in a minivan and checks in. Somewhere during the drive one of the kids had spilled his milk in the back.When they checked out a few days later I was the one who had to retrieve their van from the garage. The wall of smell that hit me when I opened the door about knocked me on my ass.
Hitler
That would either be the one with an angry German man (though his anger was justified...mostly) or the group of Asian women who couldn't find a car of the right size, where only one of them spoke English, or they were at least pretending not to speak English.
Only just been outlawed in Scotland
Whether or not it *is* illegal, it *needs* to be. But yeah, I think it is in a lot of places. I guess I'm using italics today.
Not every state in the US has made it illegal and in the ones that have, it's only been the last few years, for the most part.
I used to smile quite a few times per day, but I switched to vaping.All jokes aside, I'm a lot happier since I've switched to vaping.   
My pocket knife has a glass breaker at the end of it. It also has a bottle opener. They're less than $10 on Amazon and they can save your life!
Kids these days...
Do you have a link? 
Dope
They found the RFID chips to be extremely insecure (and they are). He's talked about it on one of his and Jamie's tours. 
I don't know his story, but my wife breeds mice to feed her snakes. We learned early on that mice will turn to cannibalism pretty quickly if they're not getting the nutrients they need, especially since the babies are pretty defenseless. 
>..a Discovery Channel representative told me that MythBusters did end up running an episode, last January, on RFID...
I don't follow the logic here. You're hyperventilating before you hold your breath - by the time you are near passing out, you're C02 is rising back up again. And if reduced PCO2 (during initial hyperventilation) creates an affinity for O2 to bind with the hemoglobin, that means you're arguably loading up a bit more O2 to the blood than normal, which then, as PCO2 rises during breath holding, becomes increasingly available (as increased PC02 makes  the O2 more easily released to the cells). The problem I see is more that too much hyperventilation may push CO2 so far down that it doesn't rise up enough to warn you that you're about to pass out, and you pass out by surprise, fatally. I'm not a physician but just interested in the subject. Reference: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohr_effect
For anyone who doesn't know. Most cars let you pull your head rest on your seat out. They're designed to break windows. Or so I hear. 
Interesting. When diving, I like to play around sometimes and go upside down. It's a bit harder to breathe, but I've never had any issues, especially with water getting into the reg.
Somewhat. The smokey water would have still caused an issue, and the average person is going to be panicked immediately. So they're not instantly going to be looking for the hammer (if they have one), and once they do that hammer could be anywhere due to the tumbling the car is doing. 
I can barely find socks that match every morning.
I listened to audio book, so it keeps taking me a minute to figure out what some these unique words are.
This pleases the Honored Matre 
*Tell me of your home world, Usul.
What is dead may never die
Sharks like dead things though. I think I'm having an anxiety attack from all of these stories. 
Same exact thing happened to me and I fell to the floor just staring at the surface. If my mom hadn't dived after me I might have drown because for some reason I had no intention of swimming back up. I was maybe 6. 
That's the spirit(s)!
Better be on the safe side. Drink before you drive!
It might take a minute or two for the alcohol to hit your system. You're probably better to drink it just before you go into the water. 
Good stuff, thanks for feedback! I have to admit my assumption would have been lower levels would make you relax during the trauma would have lowered death rates doesn't seem to hold up to multiple studies mentioned but I'm not familiar with.
If I were to guess, the blood flow restriction from vasoconstriction is probably counteracted in excess by the bradycardia of alcohol+low stress. Since you're more likely to bleed out of major arteries than capillaries more affected by vasodilation, the number of pumps is the dominating factor. But this is just one interpretation of a few possible explanatory factors for drunk survivability.
Not sure, I'm still trying to process being drunker raises survival.
The current medical thought is that yes, the alcohol is physically interfering with you going into traumatic shock. Lots of medical research is being done on whether ER doctors could replicate that effect in sober people with some kind of injection just after trauma.
Alcohol preventing shock due to major injuries. 
Alcohol is a depressant, so alongside the mental effects you also get depressed heart rate and reduced effects from shock.Basically your body has a diminished response to the injury. Lower heart rate means you bleed less, reduced shock effects mean you're better able to respond to the situation.I would imagine the pain suppressing capabilities of alcohol play a part too. Even if the injury is the same, feeling less pain from it excites the body less.We evolved to go into overdrive when grievously injured, because the natural causes of that kind of injury are usually related to being attacked by another person or animal. You need that extra blood flow and adrenaline to protect yourself from further damage and keep fighting. In the modern world you don't want that overdrive, you want to go into stasis basically until modern medicine can patch you up. Alcohol helps with that.
I was joking about getting drunk!  I know of no study that has directly tested this.  Mostly anecdotal information and some first person accounts (happened to my cousin as well).http://www.livescience.com/24979-alcohol-injury-outcome.htmlinteresting note: the author of the study suggests that the limp body theory seems to be exaggerated and possibly false.  So perhaps I'm wrong on my previous comment as well?
Which is why we hunted in packs with weapons. It's much easier to take on a buffalo with a dozen or so guys than try to solo it.
Don't worry, you just developed to be the bait. Everybody got their niche.
Can you sweat?  Humanity's killer app.
Using the D.E.N.N.I.S. system.
oh holy shit
Fuck that, tldr that shit.
Especially about spirited away and how it was just small details but people actually going along with that stories lore.
Very honest and sincere. I like it.
Me, right now. 
Hey you should share an example. I think I know someone who would be interested
Exactly why I gave this video a shot
Im high right now watching this video in publix. Im getting snacks B)
Yo, got may want to consider submitting some of those videos to /r/treesnetwork and definitely check out treesnetwork.com
He fixed it hisself
OP id be a bundlea gramer 
Thank you. God the water was nasty looking 
Perfect hair, with teeth like a military graveyard.
...such soft... skin... hnghhh
Yeah, I've heard about that concept before. Definitely applicable in this case, but I was thinking more in terms of video producer lingo. Like, when someone like /u/seanmg watches something engaging, does he think to himself, this video produces a lot of flow? Is there even a go-to term, or unit of measurement, for how long a video feels relative to how long it is?This is probably a silly line of questioning, I know. :P
wtf lmao
The pink one packs a real punch.
$9.99? I might order one just to see what shows up at my door. 
Nice color, nice color, Freedom, Nice color...wait what?
They're prone to jamming when they get too sandy, though. 
How would the goggles be of any use? 
Even if the car is full of water it could still be sinking if the body is deep enough. You'd have to wait for the pressure to equalise which could take who knows how long. 
Unless the water line has not reached the window level, I'm not sure breaking it before the car is full is a great idea either.  Going to be trouble getting out if water is rushing in through that opening you just made.
Don't trust those cheap knives. My company makes glass breakers so we tested one of Smith and Wesson's knife with glass breaker, and it dulled before shattering the glass.I would not trust any metal or ceramic glass breaker attached to a knife or multi function device.
Outside of government buildings I find most places that don't allow pocket knives also have a lot of drinking. I imagine they don't want drunken fights to escalate to deadly affairs. 
>It seems like nearly everyone in this country has turned into a bunch of chickenshit bastards afraid of their own shadows. Caution is different than the culture of absolute terror of being attacked that everyone seems to have. Part of having a free society like ours is that it's impossible to guarantee everyone's safety all the time. Even giving up all of our rights and freedoms can't guarantee safety from a determined terrorist.You have spoken the truth. On the topic of knives, where do you find cheap pocket knives with a seat-belt cutter or a window punch on it? I must admit I haven't looked far, but the ones I've owned / seen haven't had those. 
> It seems like nearly everyone in this country has turned into a bunch of chickenshit bastards afraid of their own shadowsFunny considering this whole discussion is about precautions for a super unlikely situation. Seriously, how often do you hear about people drowning in cars? I might come across it once or twice a year, often next to the word heart attack.
I get that. For me, I think by the time I got situated, and stopped panicking, it'd be too full to swing the hammer properly. What with the water drag and all.
Try breaking a car window with a hammer.  It's harder than you think.  
Don't trust those. My company makes glass breakers so we tested one of Smith and Wesson's knife with glass breaker, and it dulled before shattering the glass.I would not trust any metal or ceramic glass breaker attached to a knife or multi function device. 
Glue/tape a ring to it
All automotive glass is safety glass. 
The glass in your windshield is tempered. This is done so it breaks into small shards that will not give you any significant cuts.
I wonder if they're engineered that way or if it's even possible.
Correct use of the word factoid? You're the real hero here
That's why you should velcro it.  Easy to remove but tough to jar in a crash.  The plastic velcro that 3M makes for things like EZ-Passes is even stronger.
If you cleaned it regularly and didn't smoke with all the windows rolled up, it certainly wouldn't be that bad. 
Balls roll?! We could never have foreseen this..
Welcome
mr skeltal
s
Too embarrassed to have you do the inside probably.
Minivans: the 7th level of hell for a detailer. 
Makes me wonder what kinda shit people who clean houses, or do maid service, have seen. 
There truly is a subreddit for everything...
I cleaned this one car and it had like 3 cheeseburger wrappers on the floor. horrible. I nearly threw up.
I once found an unused napkin on the passenger seat.
Of course a Romanov would say that.
You'll be even happier when you drop vaping, too. 
Link por favor?
just go to wikipedia. It's amazing, he probably has one of the most unique life stories of all time.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5t2osy/til_that_mythbusters_jamie_hyneman_ran_away_from/The real question is what he *hasn't* done.
I assume they *were* at a time (2008). 
Lets play what if.What if his first story was correct.He gets a call from Discovery, who got a call from the credit card companies that said in no uncertain terms, Did you not understand in our first conversation that if you share this information, we will reign hell and legal fire down upon you and we have the money to do it.Cuz the next two statements sound appropriate in that context. And would explain why the two stories are so vastly different and not a simple misunderstanding.
Holy shit dude thanks.
http://www.snopes.com/car-headrests-emergency-escape/They weren't designed to break windows but they can work, so it sure as hell is worth trying if you don't already have a window breaker.  I wouldn't put off getting a window breaker in favor of this method though!
... THAT's why the tips of the bars are shaped like that. Never would have thought.
In Adams case the issue was probably amplified by the fact it was the first breath of what sounded like an unpurged reg.
Depends a bit on the model of the regulator as well, some of them breathe wetter than others when inverted.One point that he misses is that we all learned in OW1 to breathe off of a purging regulator (in the case where you lose the mouthpiece), but pretty much nobody in the world practices that after class.I've had two cases now where I had regulator which similarly breathed wet.  One time I was doing a drill and shut down one of my regulators and switched to my backup--which it turns out had been crushed and cracked in my car and I got a mouthful of water.  I spit it out and switched back and turned the other regulator back on (all while sinking down to 40 feet while my buddy was up at 10 feet--long story).I also had a regulator that gave me a mouthful of water as I descended into a cave, and in that case also spit out the water and switched regulators to a working one.But in both cases, I had a regulator that was delivering gas to me in my mouth.  In both cases it was deliverying roughly half-water/half-gas so I had to spit out the water and couldn't breathe off it.  However, I could have just pressed the purge button like OW1 teaches you to do it, and survived just fine.  But in the situation your mind is like reg bad, get rid of it.I also know of other divers who have pulled their mouthpiece off underwater.  The ones that I know of they've actually failed to go to their own backup regulators and just thrown an out-of-air on their buddies.  In all of those cases, though, they had two regulators that would still deliver gas -- one just didn't have a mouthpiece so it would have breathed really wet.Anyway, since I cave and technical dive I probably spend way too much time thinking about this, since I don't want any of my options limited, and a regulator without a mouthpiece on it or breathing wet will still keep you alive.
The hammer is used before you are putting your head underwater.  The smokey water would have been much less of an issue.  
Matching socks is a corporate conspiracy rooted in deep seeded capitalism and greed. 
Bene Gesserit is Latin.
But they actually don't like the taste of people that much. That's why a lot of shark attacks are a 1 bite ordeal. Yea that 1 bite sucks. 
It whiskey to survival, for some. 
Well to be fair I'm quoting the effects of physiology, not actual studies (although technically those are all hormonal effects ultimately recognized from basic medical research). Source:  am doc
Yeah, someone else posted that to me too, but I think that author's explanation for how alcohol seems to be protective is unlikely to be correct, so I guess nobody really knows at this point. I also wondered how well controlled the research was in comparing severity of injury at the time of injury when alcohol was involved to when it was not involved, but have not analyzed his data sets.
But I want solo exp...
LFM Buffalo only runs  
don't act surprised hitler, you're not exactly innocent yourself 
At 19 he agreed to help a friend to shoot a senior film being the art director and building the set/props. He messed up and didn't finish it when they wanted to start shooting. They kicked him out and had to build it themselves. 
Me right now + burrito. 
Fellow stoner video lover. Check out /r/mealtimevideos
For me personally I describe it how I did above.  feels like X length, is actually Y length.Theoretically the video should 'feel' as short as possible while being actually as long as it needs to tell the story.  My rule of thumb is that X should always be less than Y.It gets tricky with video production and particular editing though because it's a running number as the video is being watched.  If X is ever greater than Y, people will turn the video off.  So when I critique an edit I'm looking for any moment I get bored and notate it.  After a viewing, I'll look at what was going on in the video at that time, and try to figure out why I got bored.  Most of the time it's because a story beat gets iterated more than once in a row, a shot feels too long, or in a momentum sense the story beat feels like it's working backwards compared to the previous beat, or it sidesteps.Hopefully this answers your question!  I can talk about this stuff for days if you are more curious.**edit:** A story should never feel linear in speed. It should perpetually feel speeding up or slowing down (with justifiable reasons why). Also, every piece you change directly affects everything else.  So if another section is trying to feel fast, slowing down the pacing of the previous section will sell both further.  Shit's complicated and hard to do.
Pink is a good color for this kind of thing - Pink or Orange is high visibility. You don't want something that's black or the same color as the inside of your car. 
I'm no expert but in my experience it's usually the thing you ordered that shows up at your door. Sometimes assisted by a delivery person of some sort. 
Probably a black market arms dealer.
i chortled. thank you.
That lake was notoriously filthy. If my car filled up with its water there is no way I would have vision. 
Won't the pressure equalize once it's full of water?
You break it when you can still see and know where you are, let the water rush in, and then swim out.
You're not breaking the glass to go out the window, you're breaking it so that you can ope the door.  Until the window is broken, the pressure of the water will make it difficult to open the door.  And unless you know the water depth is pretty shallow, you don't necessarily want to wait for the car to go deep enough for the pressure to equalize.  
Well you obviously don't try to swim upstream, but it allows you to quickly fill the car up with water. Imagine you drive a car off a bridge into water, you have no idea how deep it is. The less time you spend in a sinking car, the less distance you have to swim upward to get to the surface. So break the window ASAP, giving yourself a quick 10 seconds to hyperventilate and take a deep breath, then wait for the car to fill up with water (which wont take long with an open window or two) then swim out.
S&W knives are about as low quality as you can go. They're made by Taylor brand and just branded with the S&W logo. Not saying a dedicated glass breaker isnt better, but testing a S&W is setting you up for disappointment 
[OneWay Bullet Resistant Glass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5HM3y8d0NA) was posted on redit recently.  No clue if cars do anything similar.
Even with the windows down, it would still be filthy. Trust me, it took months after I quit smoking the first time for the smell alone to go away. 
thank mr skeltal for good bones and calcium
If the outside of my car looks clean, no one will suspect how dirty the inside is. Similarly if I maintain the appearance of a well groomed individual, no one will think I am screwed up on the inside.
AKA distraction boxes
Here you go! http://a.co/5bWe4IAI've had mine for over 3 years and it still works like new. I use it all the time, mostly to open Amazon boxes lol. I've sharpened it once.
I have something like [this](http://www.hotref.com/survivor-3-in-1-rescue-knife-p-20647.html?gclid=Cj0KEQiAifvEBRCVx5up6Ojgr5oBEiQALHw1TilSYl0ThReIJBmk0jdAnMEB-ZGrI7lnAVPWIumD16UaAqfZ8P8HAQ)
This one is $15. https://www.amazon.com/Rescue-Folding-Window-Breaker-Seatbelt/dp/B00RUDRX5A
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0089AE00Y/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1Besides the blade itself, it also has a glass breaker, seat belt cutter, and the seat belt cutter can double as a bottle opener.
Just did its pretty sparse, doesn't say much other than that he ran away and hitchhiked around the country
Oh fuck, that really sucks.
This is the inspiration I come to reddit for. 
I saved this comment and will make it into a gallery print someday.
Well. I mean. You're not *wrong*... 
Don't go ginning up worries now.
I can tell you know your stuff :)We humans aren't willing to sign up in advance for these studies so I think of this stuff along a spectrum...Parallel thought, what's current treatment for pain killers immediately after trauma?
Not to mention finding a dozen friends... 
Somewhat relevant username?
Max out damage and kill steal. Might not get full exp but you'll get like 60-75% of it.
fine, you can last hit.
Plus, the buffalo will flame us if we take it on 12v1.Wow, took 12 of you guys to kill me? Not even mad, that's just pathetic, lulz.
look at the picture for the pink one
No doubt. I used to work construction, and on some sites your tools can grow legs. Even if you don't have to worry about high-value items going missing, some asshole is still likely to borrow a hammer or extension cord. Usually with the intention of giving it back, but forgetting. It happened to me several times - yeah it's only like $10 each time a 25' extension cord goes missing, but it adds up and it's frustrating.So I bought bright pink extension cords. Never had a single one disappear. Never had an issue finding them at night, either.
Go look at the picture for the pink one. His joke works better that way. 
I'd recommend clicking on the link if you haven't already
Did you never go and check after all the talk about the pink one?The image looks like a pink one but then shows a rifle when you select it.
Go look at the pic
So, what're ya in for?I seriously misjudged the popularity of hot pink, spring-loaded window-breaking seat belt cutters.
That's what I know to be true.
Just becasue it's water doesn't mean the pressure is equal. Even a metre of water depth difference is 10 kPa, and over your ~1 m^2 of door surface that's 10 kN of force. In other words, trying to lift a tonne. However, I'm pretty sure the car has enough holes to start equalizing pressure over the time the car shinks that 1 m. It would likely be doable even with the car shinking.  
Yes, but some people trust them. And there's no way for a reasonable person to test them (also glass breakers can break during use, so testing each one isn't practical).Heck, there was a guy who said he bought a bunch of $10 ones so he could have one everywhere.
I know a few people who smoke in their cars, and manage to keep it a secret from other people who often ride in the same one. Hand right at the window, cigarette almost hanging outside, blowing it straight out immediately and keeping the windows down for a few minutes after it's done. 
Sadly the pink one is just a knife, not an AR-15
I have that knife. Usually have it on me. TIL the end is a window breaker, very good to know. Thanks! 
Just bought one, thanks for the link!
Thanks for this! Just bought one for me and my husband as I now have something to be overly paranoid about (because of this thread)!
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5t2osy/til_that_mythbusters_jamie_hyneman_ran_away_from/
I'm not a theorist of conspiracies by any means but ever since I was young I never got having to match socks. WHO GIVES A FUCK? Who sees your socks? And those that do who would fucking care? It's all about money my man. That's why they slightly change sock designs throughout any given year. (Ok the last line is a bit nutty on my part but you get it) 
Can I get a copy when you do? 
I'm not a trauma surgeon or ER doc so I don't know, and depends on what you call immediate and co-morbities and mechanism of injury. For example, in the setting of renal failure I'd be judicious about which opioids to use, as some (like morphine) are renally cleared and will therefore hang around longer in renal injury. Which means if there is a risk of complication (respiratory suppression, etc) from that med it will be accentuated in that setting. For example, all opioids release histamine (a lot of people get itchy and hives due to this). Histamine causes vasodilation therefore risks causing dose-dependent hypotension. Morphine releases the most histamine. So in a hypotensive patient morphine would be dumb as an opioid choice, especially if renal injury (chronic or acute) co-exists.  
Whoa now, I never said friends; forcing captured enemies is just as good, better even if you don't feel like feeding them.
Wait can you not roll solo in r/outside??
10$ is a steal for pink. 
Holy shit, that's funny.  But I guess it could still break the window for you.
WTF?  Hahaha!
unexpected
The pressure equalizes pretty much as soon as all the air has left the inside of the car, since in this case the pressuredifference between the outside and inside is a direct result of the different materials involved and their respective properties (air and water vs only water). As soon as the inside is filled up with  water and all the airpockets left the car pressure will be equalized almost instantly and more or less stay that way thanks to the holes where the water came in in the first place.
That works if it's just them. I suppose my scenario is a bit different because I would be fine with other people smoking in it. 5 out of 6 people smoking in a car at once changes things. 
Meta
How's this for a hypothesis then, alcohol is relatively low histamine response. I've seen some recent studies that point to stress causing damage from it's own histamine response. Maybe the longer you can inhibit, within the golden hour before/during ER, might be a part of high booze/high survivability?
The real all in one rescue tool. 
Probably not considering it's an [airsoft gun](https://www.google.com/search?tbs=sbi:AMhZZiufebXtImmeQHXpZBSVIGafXOe9fglrrLzBlHldFYwNG4q7rEsy959pKFpeRoDxk6J6x0L3iSvv1LbInXRGerCLVk8uIgVFZjTWUEYVsDRFm2KPkrvy3_1TKwdAmUEpStJJ9yqzdlz14jKNlZ6h3-U67eLV4KSBSINWfcA7vw1kfWfjLc9JHK6fqC2hhZA7AmHNDHrjllmSpQDKCA4OiWKtSQRT-mz0Zmc_1QMPEYfi0nST4GMAtoxEBlBvnsveZYEXxVuP2oMhfZ5DEQ19nV2y-rwwX1LFJkjpAaNFs0djCa4orfcUa257QEdgeB8KH1BZNfhoXW1Fh6bIH6bVv17Gb3NtI0TJtWNhTEmzpSM6PSEYRnwAC8uW-fsyjYpjRWUiTiSbc_1_1-0lMBx9BySDi4q6VaODFfV8qjENu_1SgMDskLc3mlqetVPO-zjZ1zs1iXKsAJ7tD9IwkWA6vx6MPiT2l9AUa0X8CMd5wha_1lr1py83Q8ryLFPEqJNpnf1NerSVgkEmjixEm3oXughNHnhRRiqKSt0spBJulN57oLcji2VK4069PgcBx2fosiLhpI0gYraoR2P_1-K3FP9txGLdO4c9gD_1V25tS53ZLh5xDbVxDqgy_1EKAqqA00ryjjn-6Qd1-1k0buqKg5b0fGsCJ7XKCJVmDLzQ8QptlX0-oztjvuUCxanT_1Q4zDqKfJBjolGsUQjYWrGp0RvbBb0QdvKtuJMtKNYlagHDf8JivnlS9fSKTSGdqf8QMY-kl5MsmitPxXRwDtYjfpfqr4h4og-bHmcIpNBcJTjk1NFzLR0Qb4Yo0Pic0JWgJHyJ_190nFxc6pyzdag8zWLaqU0zcU8zdEw1vNdRHddw_1KrrdoK_122Gdi3U_1gN8dhmyIrp3y8zI7NBP2HUY0EQ7t9RfuEcDQET3sst00NgxON2e3Ul3wiEMt_1sSDTHUlqB12s2QbT5tgFDL7qn2EVzYClbOj6xvFmpsnspPkYUMQrUxPii8hEUld11j3wjvIg6HG49su2EGnISCS_15IhgiT3TwBGNLw0yz4qJ65-du8eCFle361rs8nyHsfGMV1sUPHvmyZ9pRAplujPVIi5l_1rW5KvGAWzlQ5sF6yuCkUsZooC-9TtAP7M-VjdP-wBdCCVRBE25QeRrIfOOSzUBX5guGKIs8_1knGXhOpUkV_1ibo-IAaT1yP6_14MgYKbYUcrkHPqzhJ2bGsYvzJ0WboIXRNwubZ2GkuNaAFokgMc8ZT8ak4ejLuvyt_1KFeqp94WNJ9Z_1V92xuQqrh-BQV7TuAgkrz17y2h_1g107COgfemPZ7HeV19_1wMZyRM-jx9Sl1h1Rs8vgnbIvHPCBy1z8Q0L4xod67u9qklUvXEOij6uCmvizwW1yU0mobOEX_1jpNWjGJ34rm7nlxtReobgVmyUDabCb8f2Mm57bF90JvJarNS0wP1DNOVzUK6thtkxc-oD9eS2CYKpJ7ksYqLWUJKRTLlKARnMXLDW2TXpjLCB2QrAYdM6b8wu07j6fl00jq8SIXbm7zNv1FlNSSwVxoYiO2G-grD-Q7AgeZPFyrYPyl7Levg9xb5ZLS97j18Q7wCoxnCTtn4pdJHN-Tj00yrZKmumoswUNnyMQkNXCXO9resRYzGrdL7W2ZSjmUSKfSCmtDAt9ie6Z3DtAeSUJ3WWHpVwYAlGN1Bf4w0I_1kQHCTdxvvzwjbeVSsHxshGV1428_1kNNDmj8eg1H3eRymPmQbsdjDP9uRw2BJIzyuc8yonwpdfxiXDYhkcIiMBTGGRvLdEC8JGbZSAyqbAo3Y4RR-QhT8VUQZF96ALWVmCAH_1kP2fD8GMlNbwWuS4hELkY)
No no no, it's *wtf lmao*
I have not seen the influence of alcohol on histamine response, nor have I seen the effects of severe injury on histamine release (which would seem to be evolutionarily disadvantageous for exactly the reason you said). If you're saying the docs are accidentally worsening outcomes by giving opioids and causing hypotension, I'd have to look at the research to see if those same patients had reliable blood pressure preservation by other mechanisms to thwart that like IV fluids and pressors etc, or see if the results differed depending on some or no opioids over others, etc. I am not sure giving opioids sabotages outcomes too much in these patients, otherwise it would really never be done. And maybe in some cases it isn't done, for that reason.
This lady got famous on vine for her 7 second comedy videos and it would come at no surprise to me if this was faked. Actually i've done 0 research and have watched this video once but I can say with 99% certainty that this video was set up.
He's saying what we're all thinking.
Wasn't she a Vine comedian?  You know when Vine was a thing. 
if only it were real.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VP3eiC2tcp8)
Horrible acting.
Oh man this lady is the fucking worst.  
Man, you guys are so uptight about this vine not being real. It's not supposed to be real. No one was claiming it was real. It's just supposed to be funny. Whether or not you find it funny is up to you. 
Three Bucks, Two Bags, One Meeeeeeee
This is how new yorkers say welcome, have a nice day
Only things that are real are funny. Movies can't be funny because they are staged!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL15eTRcAsg
That's just your typical, as best described by Robin Williams, [New York echo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXnO_1CWztM)
Hmm, sounds about right. 
comingtoamerica.mp4
Didn't something like this happen in Elf?EDIT: NO! It was Coming to America. Great scene.
Thank you, faceless hero.
Stupid.
Is this that Brittany Furlan or whatever? Like a 40 year old that pretends to be 20 with loads of plastic surgery. 
She should have respondedhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=skHqcFKhydk&feature=youtu.be
NYC confirmed.
New Yorks own Donnie.
This is so classic New York vs. California, I love it!  :D
accurate
I said I've murdered a man and I want to confess!HEY SHUT UP DOWN THERE!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMxY0Lxo_ow
hahahahahah yes thank you guy in the background 
Exactly What I thought!!
these <10 sec vids are the funniest. short and sweet
Fake and so is the video
Never thought Carmen Sandiego would give it up that easy. 
Anyone remember her horrendous character reel? Can't find it online anywhere 
I'm pretty sure it was staged.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odMSq0WJ1GM
Who the f are you? 
It's not supposed to be a comedian now?
this is so classic New York vs California, love it
Eddie Murphy did this exact joke 20 years ago in Coming to America except it was funny when he did it.
FUCK OFF WITH THE GUNS
Why is donny from trailer park boys in new York.
I think anyone would shout that reply in that situation.
Yep, that's NYC all right. We don't like hicks taking selfies. 
Well, someone had to tell her.
Obviously stanged...in case its supposed to not be, I guess?
Weird how new yorkers are so proud they are complete assholes.
This must be part of the way when I invented the idea of vine in the background.
No one in NYC cares unless you're directly bothering them or inconveniencing them.
Isn't this one of the assholes that caused vine to shut down?? 
And on that day, the West Coast let loose a sigh of relief for the dark ages had finally passed.
Hey lady, shut the fuck do i know.
i am still wondering which airlines is offering the best services|||
This is pretty much exactly how I imagine NYC to be. I don't care that it's fake, it confirmed my bias.
this seems staged
A New York welcome.
as a new yorker i knew exactly what was coming.
Understand, the man was saving her life.
wow
Welcome.
Typical new yorker response to any tourists 
Brittany Furlan
your career is as dead as the vine app.
All you idiots saying it's fake in the comments as if everyone else didn't understand or cared.
Just a regular day in NYC.Source, former New Yorker.
Scripted 
#RecycledMaterial - https://youtu.be/G8dQzsjV4x0?t=17 
Deadass.
fake 
what a throw back to those few months when vine comedians were funny.
Obviously stanged...in case its supposed to be 20 with loads of plastic surgery.
Fake ! 
Fake and gay. Downvote. 
Fake. She is a Vine Star
fake
God, Brittany Furlan was one vine star I could never stand
To be fair i was screaming that when shr said I
That's how we know you're actually there. 
Brittany Furlan Is great. You really got to appreciate women like Jenna Marbles who made a really good life for herself off of youtube fame.
would rather go to LA 
its fake 
attention whore.  fuck her fake video and her stupid moment of internet fame.
Of course it's staged. I figured that out immediately.
She never tried to claim they were real. All of her stuff is scripted skits.
Excellent deduction, Sherlock. I'll be sure not to give this very deceptive video a laugh. 
Um yes it's staged, that's the joke. 
Of course it's fake, are you retarded?
Thanks, captain obvious. Of course it's set up. I don't think she was trying to convince anyone otherwise. 
Captain obvious over here.
I don't think anyone ever assumed it wasn't suppose to be staged but you...
It's called a bit. Did you know comedy shows and stand up acts are thought out ahead of time? Crazy!
Still funny though. Sometimes being staged takes away from the humor. 
You're probably right, but it's still funny...and it definitely *could* happen, especially in NYC (that's kind of why it's funny).
Britany Furlan.. High paid escort and famous from vine. 
She also took a Snapchat selfie of herself next to her dying/dead grandmother. 
[deleted]
comedy 90% of vine is cringey shit
lol
The video is exactly 7 seconds long.
Faked, no one on the eastern seaboard gives a shit of you making it anywhere. 
Vines were 6 seconds!
So was The Dark Knight. What's the problem?
bake em away toys
It's like a comedy sketch or something.  
So now things aren't funny unless they occur spontaneously?
I was born and raised in NY. Not NYC, but it's pretty universal. I live out west and still scream at people outside of my window if they're loud at night.Fuck those loud ass people. 
Your use of the word comedian is pretty loose.
she's one of the ones who didn't transition very well, and just leeches into collab videos with people like amanda cerny and king bach. her content sucks. 
Just can't get away from that format.
Why did Vine die again
Comedian
Now I just have to Tout it
Only real things are funny guys. Get with it!
It's not real but truly embodies how New Yorkers feel about tourist sometimes.They hold up lines, stand in the middle of the sidewalk and don't have their metro card ready before getting on the subway.
> if only it were realSince when did comedy routines need to be real?
our lives would all be so much better.
I love all the investigative reporters that come out of the woodwork for videos like this. No shit its fake! Its a fucking comedy sketch!
It's a joke....
That one reminds me of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmuGfSwPQ4I)
[Good Morning Vietnam](https://youtu.be/aBu6NcvSKns?t=7s)
And [also...](https://youtu.be/DUGYBXJ2bMY)
And also [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_3KR91GWxM)
FAKE 
facebook/vine comedy
True 
Everyone whining about it not being real, but posting a bunch of the same things from films.
No man, its bullshit.  Just like this piece on American office life I was watching, until I realized that shit wasn't real either!
How is it funny if it's not real, though? It's one of the oldest jokes ever.
Say, where does a young prostitute get started in this town?
First thing I thought of hahaha[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3fuFJBJIac)
but what the fuck do i know
Yeeh
She was born 1986.She's 30 years old.A millennial basically.
And so is this video... what was the first fake thing?
Well, her name is Britney Furlan. And that character reel has since been seemingly removed from all of the internet. No doubt because it was terrible and a magnet for negativity.  
I work in mid-town Manhattan. This doesn't need to be staged (even if it is).
K- not my vid. Figured it would get some karma but didn't expect that much.
Sure 
What a grumpy fuck you are, jesus christ.
We ain't all got the detective skills that you possess sleuth.
If you only you could use your elite sleuthing skills for the betterment of humanity.
Immediately?  It took you that long to figure it out?  I figured it was staged 2 weeks before the video was created...
Well, they're saying the exact same thing, that they'd figured it out immediately without any other input, saying it's just *that* obvious... So, congrats?..
This must be part of the gig economy.
We did it, reddit!
I figured YOU out immediately ;)
'scripted'
Yeah I feel like I'm taking crazy pills here reading this thread.Do y'all call It's always sunny 'staged'? 
Lmfao^Well said
Wtf?
> But the real secret is just to stop caring about whether vine/youtube vids are real or not.Why would one do that when authenticity can impact comedic value?
oh shut up
If it came naturally and was an authentic reaction it'd be a lot funnier...What's with this whole shutting people down because they care about whether what they're seeing is set up or not I'm seeing all over?  It's a weird thing to be virtuous over You should just enjoy the video like me and not nit pick! Whenever you know catching natural unexpected irony like that is *way* funnierEdit: Here's my response to you buddy since you said you want to purposely live in, as you put it, your own fantasy land believing things are real when they're not. Since you deleted your comment but I spent my time honestly responding I'll put it here in quotes -  Just because the comments say it's fake doesn't mean it actually is fake. You've got to use your own critical thinking instead of just believing everyone's word. But obviously you want to do neither. If you want to continue to suspend your disbelief and *believe* it's real then you're going to need to avoid the comments and avoid thinking about it. Which, I feel is a pretty poor way to go about your life, setting up **horrible** habits. But if having the odd extra funny video in your life is worth it then go ahead And who's right is who actually pins down what's going on. If it's fake and they say so then they're right. If it's fake and you want to *believe* it's real then sorry, you're wrong. It's not subjective. You're going to have to cultivate an entire new way of browsing the internet for you to just believe what you want without ever thinking any further. So, Good luck with that mate, it's gonna be difficult 
How is NYC universal? Upstate New York is nothing like NYC.
Doesn't work in LA. People just yell back and then your neighbors hate you for starting a yelling match with a drunk person at 2 in the morning.
I live in Providence (Boston's shitty little brother) and we yell at strangers really no matter the situation.
This was staged. She's a Vine star.
Not even close
All New Yorkers are loud, so basically what you're saying is; fuck all New Yorkers. I couldn't agree more. 
So is instagram's apparently. Have you seen that nonsense? Hot fitness girls with a horny following making lazily staged viral videos or skits aren't comics. 
Comedian is already a pretty loose word. Not like Mencia was holding the bar high for everyone else.
Exhibit.
He prefixed it with Vine so like holistic medicine or coffee date. Those things aren't really those things, but they is what they is.
Amanda Cerny posed naked for some photoshoot recently... About as enjoyable as her vines. 
Wait, Amanda Cerny is trying to be a comedian now?
Im pretty sure this vine is old
They also failed at turning a profit just like their parent company Twitter which stock is doing shit right now. 
Once Instagram upped their allowance of video time people flocked over there and Vine lost a bunch of its userbase.
have you ever seen a vine? there's your answer
in this case yes, this being staged makes it not funny for me
With stuff like this, yes. Same with most anecdotes as well..
well yeh if this was real and not so obviously staged it would be way funnier. 
To be fair that's living in any tourist city
I leaned on a building to get out of the way when I was a tourist, my buddy didn't understand why, and I was like dude trust me. 
>tourists~~tourists~~ everyone[FTFY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX4MoaTFp9g)
when the fakeness of the shit acting makes it not funny. when you guess the punchline 3 seconds before it happens in a 7 second video. hope this helps.
It's something, but it's definitely not a comedy sketch.
I realize that. I'm just saying that if it had be a genuine occurrence it would have been funnier to me. I truly wish this were real because it would have been funny to me. I apologize if I offended you.
Yeah, that's a good one too.
And this [one](https://youtu.be/mh0F7Ve-JKw?t=1m32s)
Why is it that every time I see him do something I cringe?
It's from a fictional movie. So you are correct. But unlike the op it's not a fake set up intended to be real. 
You caught that lunatic that's been terrorizing the subway! The worst criminal in N... Y... C...!
The girl...
touch now go fuck yourself.
I figured it out sixteen years ago when I invented the idea of vine in the first place and projected the most popular videos based on mass data meaning my own brain. 
Here's a good test: If the video lasts 6-10 seconds, it's fake. 
I'm not your sleuth, gumshoe. 
Planned out, plotted, written prior to performance.
Lol that show is fake as hell, who are they trying to fool?
Everyone knows comedy is best after research.
My guess is that this conversation was set up. It's fake!
So true 
I think he means screaming at someone for being preternaturally loud is universal. That he lives upstate was more of an anecdote. 
There's also a non-NYC part of NY, like LI and parts of the Hudson Valley, that is much more like NYC than whatever is classified as Upstate New York, the southern border of which is often jokingly debated.
For now
Upstate NY might as well be southern US I live 30 miles outside NYC but I've been up to Rochester before and it's a huge difference.
NYC has a halo effect where everyone within a radius is perpetually grumpy and tightly wound.
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/ggPcmKV5a68
James Cameron raised the bar.
You do realise those aren't recent? She was a playboy model BEFORE she was vine famous 
just checked it out, tits looked terrible
You masturbated to a vine?
Women are funny! Get over it.
If rather just watch her tits
I still don't get how either one makes any money at all.  And don't say ads because nobody fuckin clicks ads.
That's a shame, a lot of quality media came from vines.
Yes, when it was popular.
k
Agreed
Make sure you keep to one side if you're just standing on the escalators too.Edit: escalator not elevator 
google maps is the best
That was the character, and he was damn good at it. 
All my snapchats are fake? Bummer.
Danny Devito is obviously acting cus he's an actor in movies they must  have paid him
Oh please. It doesn't take research to determine the bit OP posted was staged. A reasonably perceptive person can figure that out. As a result, in this instance, it's less funny than if that were a genuine moment.
Does she do those kinds of videos?
Hey lady, shut the fuck up!   
Dunno if it's universal. Probably depends a lot on the culture. Here in Sweden I don't think it is particularly normal to react that way. I think most people would silently suffer and just let the loud people be. A small minority would probably complain to the landlord (if it's another tenant) and some would write a note and put it somewhere in the staircase, by the entrance, or on the offenders door. If someone is screaming at people that are loud it's probably a loner old guy.
Talkin bout downstate NY
Bah. Elmira and Binghamton might as well be North Pennsylvania!
I live in the lower Hudson Valley and work in the city but the vibe is completely different. I wouldn't call NYC universal outside of the boroughs. 
Except large swaths of New York State outside of the region you described, for example western New York and central New York, don't like to be called upstate New York.
Hudson Valley is Upstate New York. 
Yeah it's insane. You go to the heart of Rochester and it's more or less like any city, but as soon as you go a couple miles out of the city and you have people driving pickups and waving confederate flags. [Just look at this damn map.](http://www.politico.com/2016-election/results/map/president/new-york/)
Eh not really just don't be a dipshit and you'll be fine. Ask anyone for directions and people will clamor over other to help out. Act this lady who's a rude idiot tourist and get reamed.
As someone from the NE who moved to the Midwest, no, not really.  People aren't rougher in New York, they just have different expectations for public decorum.  The sidewalks are a shared space and a highway, not just the place between your car and the store, so people are more brusque on them.  It's not that they're rude, it's that you don't immediately know how to interact like a local.
I've traveled all over the country, from SF to LA, from Madison WI to Austin TX. I've lived in St Louis, Chicago, Atlanta, Connecticut, and now NYC. This said, I feel I have a much better background to comment on this. People in NYC aren't any meaner than anywhere else, they just don't put up with bullshit. Either be frank and direct or shut the hell up. Also keep in mind that people in the city tend to be a bit edgier than other folk. 
You're trying way too hard to be funny
Drive down the road in NY, people will pass you on the right when you're already going 10 over down a residential street with kids out in a one lane road. This was insanely common.  Lived in NY my whole life, literally have never had this happen before.
I'm from the northeast and moved to California. You are just straight up wrong in your gross generalization.
Lol you know what you're definitely right about that. We are all assholes.
what the fuck Sweden
They're like wolves. Are wolves just mocking each other?
Is this a thing in Sweden or just local? If it is local and someone is visiting I bet there will be a few 911 calls.
Wtf are you talking about 
And being a playboy model at any point past the early 1990's is special how....?
Neat. I don't care regardless. 
Agreed. 
And had plenty of time to watch the rest of it. 
Quick say mah vagiiinaaa. Come on, be funny. 
[deleted]
They make money on ads, plenty enough to keep operating, but the company isn't profitable enough to justify public investors continued support of it. Investors want profits, not up-down averaged-out stability. They've been on a steady downturn under Jack as the CEO, he has made terrible decisions (namely kowtowing to crybabies) which have started to cause large portions of the userbase to flee to less stringent/censorious platforms.You can actually see the steady fall of their stock price starting from when they perma-banned Milo.
Facebook made 5.2 billion in ad revenue in a single quarter last year...https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-revenue-soars-on-ad-growth-1461787856
Ads, they make $700MM+ in revenue off of those. And yes people do click on them otherwise nobody would by them. You can track clicks and engagement from ad platforms. So you know where your spend is going and it's effectiveness.
They make barely any money and their user base is falling. Investors are noticing https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/TWTR?p=TWTR
As far as I know Twitter has literally never made money and stays afloat on investors thinking it will eventually. 
i
I do this everywhere, but I tend to take the stairs, cause it's like a super mini exercise - but like interest - it adds up! 
True that double true
Danny Devito is probably the realest thing on that show tbh
Oh please yourself, you were speaking generally.
He's saying what we're all thinking.
[Psh, that's a lie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_rttgtyigc)
Yeah, you're probably right. I have [misphonia](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/09/06/health/06annoy.html) though so certain noises - particularly ambulance and fire engine noises and just drunken screamers will make me very irritated. Two out of three times I'll at least utter a Do you mind?! if someone is being unreasonably boisterous.
H.V. here too. agreed, there's not much like NYC.
Doesn't matter we still call them that. If I'm on the island talking to anyone if it's not nyc or li it's upstate.
[Lol.](https://m.popkey.co/8784d6/8q3g0.gif)
Okay... What?Yes, up state is more conservative. That's a fact. But up state and having the confederate flag everywhere is pure hyperbole. I'm from that area, grew up in / outside of Rochester, lived in Buffalo and Binghamton, and I've not once seen anyone flying that flag. Up state NY is a proud northern state. Why the hell would anyone raise the rebel southern flag here?  I mean there may be a few that exist somewhere I've not seen but everywhere? Also pick ups everywhere, what?You are grossly misrepresenting the entire area. They're moderate and lean conservative, big deal it isn't a bad thing. I'm in Texas now and up state NY is liberal land comparitively speaking.         
Exactly.  At least in Manhattan, the one thing you never do is waste somebody else's time.  Otherwise, they're much friendlier than commonly portrayed.  
Live here for 28 years and then talk.
FITTA
The idea made me laugh.ARROOOOOOO......^fuckin ^frank
Just local.
/r/crosseyedboobs
rekt
its a south park reference
[deleted]
S
You don't know your alphabet, do you?
Well, yes, but in response to OP's general comment that we should all uniformly stop caring about whether these types of videos are staged. My counter was that authenticity *can*, in many cases, have an impact.
I was born and raised in NY. Not NYC, but it's pretty universal. I live out west and still scream at people outside of my window if they're loud at night.Fuck those loud as people.
How is NYC universal? Upstate New York is nothing like NYC.
That's either hilarious or terifying...
Yeah but that is in northern Sweden, they are basically all a lonely old man on the inside.
This is called the Lappis Scream and it's at a University in Sweden where at 10pm the students scream out their frustrations. This has been a regular occurance for many years, some say that it dates back to the 1970's :)
That's unnervingly relevant. 
I live 20 minutes outside NYC  and in the Hudson Valley. I know I don't live upstate because i've never seen a tractor in my life. Fight me.
[Quit it Gary, you're gonna start a howl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jw0c9z8EllE)
freedom of speech laws don't apply to private companies, if it's on their own website they can take it down for any reason or even no reason at all. same goes for Youtube, Facebook, Reddit, etc.  they provide a platform to voice your opinion but at the end of the day, they own the platform and have every right to censor you as they see fitthis is more a case of just because you can, doesn't mean you should and they're learning that lesson the hard way
And, if it's on a privately owned platform ( ie *not* the government), that right can be rescinded. The First Amendment only gives protection from the government.Or are you against private companies making decisions based on their own policies?
f
AT LEAST I CAN COUNT TO FIVE! ONE TWO......SHUT UP*runs away crying*
swing and a miss
So true
This is pretty fucking hilarious. They're like wolves lol.Would also be a good time to murder somebody.
I WISH I HAD A GIRLFRIEND!
u
Hey lady, shut the fuck up! 
Found the killer
n
Fucking reddit
He's saying what we're all thinking.
c
https://youtu.be/h9kgu71d81U ^ Link to the performance without Bill Burr
This reminds me of a youtube comment I saw: There were three musical legends on that stage that day. John Lennon, Chuck Berry, and the audio technician who cut off Yoko Ono's mic.
lol @ Chuck Berry's reaction.
I miss angry Bill. But he is right. The number of guy friends I've lost because they started dating some psycho chick. I had one buddy start dating a stripper and she tried to run me over with her jeep because she thought I was him out to meet other girls (we were hanging out at my place after work playing star wars galaxies and smoking pot, I know ladies, try to keep your panties dry). 
Once a year Reddit goes on a Yoko Ono hate binge. With all the same videos posted.
What is that Bill Burr
I think this is a re-upload, I saw this years ago and it had many more views. 
That was Fucking hilarious haha
It's a pity John Lennon was doing the whipping when he was beating Yoko Ono. Talented musician but a Grade A scumbag
But wasn't Chuck  the guy who farted in a prostitute's face? Who is he to judge?
[Reminds me of this Bill Hicks bit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOHjhYyCJbE)Ringo come down! Yoko's gone! We can party again!
The only reason why you're in the band is cause yer suckin' my dick!
The most over used talking point on Reddit about yokes and lemon
This is exactly what I'm thinking when I hear Bill Burr's wife on his podcast. Or Bobby Lee's podcast with his gold digging girlfriend. Or Jim Gaffigan and his wife. Or Jay Mohr and his soon to be ex-wife. No, your wife/girlfriend isn't funny too.  
Holy shit this is THE BEST depiction and chastising of Yoko I have ever seen. Hats off to Bill! 
This wasn't Yoko's only time yelling unintelligibly into a microphone.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdZ9weP5i68
Linda McCartney was another one.  WTF?  Where do they get off.  Oh well, I guess their man really loved them.
where is the original video? 
I'm literally crying that was the best laugh I've had in a long long time. Hilarious commentary.
I just believe in meYoko and me
He is the one who wanted her around all the time.  
  When you think about who did what in the world, John Lennon and Yoko Ono vs Bill Burr and the pathetic women-hating neckbeards on Reddit, you'll understand what karma actually is.
Sexist crap clearly written by someone who knows diddly squat about Lennon-Ono's relationship and their ideas about art ( both were members of the Fluxus group around George Maciunas at this time). Much of Ono's singing is a parody joke. I see this criticism of her on Reddit all the time and it is actually unfair. I've met her and even sold things to her as I'm an art dealer, she's exceptionally clever and one of the most important conceptual artists alive today. Go read Lennon's text about how they met in the Indica Gallery show in Nov 1966 and how she changed his view on life.
I am going to watch the real video, not someone narrating the video.
back then i probably would of fucked yoko one too, i had a thing for asians back then
her voice is funny and all, but it's a pretty misogynistic video. Only woman in band is bad? Well then it must ok to be sexist. 
He's completely right about Chuck Berry's eyes at 1:19 lol it looks so much better in this video rather than a still
AAAEEIIAAHAHAAOOHOHOHOHO... why. Just why?
I gotta be honest, that entire ensemble sounded like shit. Yoko certainly wasn't helping.
The way she puts the mic back on the stand...Yep, I nailed that
WHYDOES YOKO ONOEXIST
The best part is at 2:18 when she tries to do it again, but the sound guys had turned off her microphone.
I though he was embellishing, nope she went full retard on that scream. 
He looks extremely ready to smack a bitch
We had one friend, who started dating a girl that hated all of us. So jealous, she didn't like it when we hung out and had a good time. Slowly, he had excuses for not hanging out... and was forever lost.  
Wait, where'd angry Bill go? Angry Bill seems to still be kicking around a little bit. 
Good because this is funny and Yoko is a talentless historically disruptive no talent hack.
You can actually set your watch to it.
Ol' Billy Bitch Tits 
Yup, this has been re-uploaded and reposted to reddit many, many times.[Exhibit A](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=url:ss0XNOWvzlU)[Exhibit B](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=url:EaCKKHcpf0w)[Exhibit C](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=url:d5zO6t_RZdc)[Exhibit D (least reposted link)](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=url:m8BrkXYVzlE)
This. Aside from beating the shit out of her and his first wife he treated Julian like shit. It's been said that Paul acted more like a father towards him that John ever did.
Check out the onion headline thread lol there's always someone who points this out
He also has a thing for women using the bathroom.
point is he didn't bring them on stage to perform music with him
Gosh John, don't be so hard on Ringo. He's an alright bloke!
Sounds like you don't like women.
That dude is the blue button down is cheesing so hard
Do people actually take this shit seriously? 
Lord have mercy.
I fucked John, clap for me.
Sounds like me when I was kid old making random strange noises into an empty Pringles tube for entertainment.
[This is still my favorite version.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrJz9Dh5MsM)
Linda was amazing on RAM. Better than anything Yoko had ever done. . 
[Evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoH9zP_n_g0)
It's either would **HAVE** or would**'VE**, but never would **OF**.  See [Grammar Errors](http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar/could-of-would-of-should-of/) for more information.
I wouldn't have fucked her with Ringo's dick. She is scary. 
Back when? When do you think this was made? 
Ever hit that magic spot on some hallucinogen where you're so high that you think you might've broken your brain and you'll never go back to normal but you're not quite high enough to just let go and get lost in it?I think she actually managed to get stuck there. It expains all of her behavior perfectly if you just imagine that she took like 5 hits of acid a few hours ago.
I think she was trying to do a harmonica sound 
Right there with ya. I appreciate live recording quality wasn't very great at the time outside a studio but hot damn this band sounds trash.
Apparently chuck never toured with a band. He just picked up local musicians/ groups in each city. Thus he would never rehearse with them before his shows. Never seen him live but I had a buddy who played with him in Vegas in the 90's. He said the show was a bit of a train wreck. In fact he kicked the bass player off stage after the first set and played the rest of the show without him.  Without a bass player. Fuck it. Later that night chuck slept with my buddy's girl at the time. I guess he was a fucking animal. Craziest thing about it is I made it all up.
I dunno, he had those *Imma piss and fart on you* eyes going.
I think Bill Burr actually talked about it this week on his podcast. A lot of guys get married young and don't know how to be after that. Some women can be controlling (some guys too). Myself I don't have that problem. I'm a pretty solid magic the gathering player you see.
>historically disruptive That's one of the best descriptions of her I've ever heard. 
>talentless>no talentand let's not forget that she was in no way talented.
Logs on his chest
Drums!
Do you know any female comedians with podcasts that their husbands continually jump into?
>Sounds like you don't like women.Sounds like you're a proud serving member of the white knight mangina army.Thank goodness you arrived to ensure that nobody is allowed to criticize any woman for any reason without being accused of misogyny.
I dont think its that, but rather people interjecting when they shouldn't. Just happens to be spouses of male comedians. 
Linda was pretty inside and out.
fuck yu bot
Not everybody on reddit is 20 years old man
She wanted more attention is what I think.
It might not be your taste? I though they sounded good.
Wow is this all real? Especially the parts about sleeping with your friends girl and you making it all up? That's wild man, I'd be telling that story every chance I got 
Haha thanks for that
The 82 in his username has a stupid high probability of being his birthdate. The video was made in 72. He wasn't even born back then if that's the case, and if it wasn't everyone alive at the time would know that it's yoko ono, not yoko one.
You can feel all kinds of ways when you've lost your mind. That is how you ask for attention when you are incapable of forming a coherent thought or doing other normal performer stuff like Chuck Berry does when he starts dancing around a bit while he plays the guitar.... you stand as stiff as a board and screech into a microphone.
It's not really to do with my preference. I dislike metal music but I can appreciate a good few musicians hashing it out together. These guys just really didn't gel at all (bad harmonization mostly).
For some reason I can just ignore some artifacts and low quality production and just hear the music beneath it. Sometimes I can ignore my friend's crackling speakers enough to enjoy watching something lol. I wonder if anyone else is like that, it's something I've serious thought about. I don't even download FLAC files anymore and that saves up so much storage.  It doesn't sound like something you'd put on an album and sell in mass numbers, just a video of two big time musicians jamming together for fun. You see this kind of stuff happen nowday. Hell, the singer of Tool singing with Tori Amos for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBZ5R2IwZhwThere was no YouTube or huge commercial VHS recording usage or DVR so this was just airing on TV live while people, fans of one or both artists, watched it.
Chuck was weird but that story is not true. 
Found the 20 year old
At least he's not a barrel of aged regret.
Odd choice of profile when playing the username game
The coins thrown at the stripper. Holy shit I laughed so god damn hard at that.
Thomas Jane is a great actor. I miss him as the Punisher. 
That actually made me tear up
In America:https://registerme.orgIn Canada: https://beadonor.caEdit: Apparently that Canadian link is only for Ontario.Here is a Canada-wide link:http://www.cantransplant.ca/home/organ-and-tissue-donation-consent/
Commercials are great but the US should really do is develop an opt-out policy on organ donation
You know the expression 'Begging only gets you so far'... it's 28% in organ donation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdO9LMz-mE0
Is that ad trying to tell me any of Coleman's organ would be still eligible for donation after the lifestyle he had? I highly doubt that. /s
Holy shit. 1:27 in, there's no way you could've convinced me I'd be bawling at the end of the video.
Up yours Coleman. 
I work in a morgue/autopsy setting. Just an FYI, being an organ donor does not mean your organs will be donated. In fact it's pretty rare to see actual organ harvesting after death.
[Original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeVLxcekEsw)
One of the funniest parts was in the beginning when after he pisses in the bottle and chucks it out, he gets some of it on his hand which he uses on his hair! 
My first name is Coleman and this made me laugh so hard.
As someone who works for my area OPO (Organ Procurement Organization) I encourage everyone to register to be an organ donor but more importantly talk to your family and close relatives about your wishes. Even if you're a registered organ donor, our organization, and many others, still ask the families for permission to donate their love ones organs/tissues. If they decline, then we do not transplant or procure tissues. So I hope everyone shares their wishes with their family so we can help save and improve the lives of those who need our help. If anyone is curious, I work as a tissue recovery technician so if you have any question about organ/tissue donation maybe I can help! 
Anybody get a Pushing Daisies feel from this? I love the narration.
Hair:bro eyes:bro
I think, that his liver wasn't in good condition :P
It's ok to be a dick your whole life as long as you're an organ donor. That's seriously what the narrator says at the end.
Should be opt-out not opt-in. Just Saying. 
You'll never guess what this organ donor does next! Doctors HATE him.
Nice cinematography !
Huh, thanks for reminding me to register.
There's a decent mural of Coleman Sweeney in [Richmond, VA](http://richmondbizsense.com/2016/08/05/will-the-real-coleman-sweeney-please-stand-up/), the home of the Martin Agency, who created the campaign, and Donate Life.
Definitely one of the best adverts I've ever seen!
When I got my license at 16 my mom told me:>Tell them you don't want to be an organ donor because you don't want God deciding someone else needs your organs more than you do.Wow mom. Good job outsmarting God. (I became an organ donor as soon as I turned 18.)
As an asshole organ donor, this made me feel better about myself. 
When he throws the small change at the hooker, it gets me every time. 
I liked it
I knew a guy who was against organ donation in general because he thought your spirit would not be able to rest if it was still alive in someone else's body. It blew my mind, since he is a computer programmer and an otherwise very intelligent dude.All I could think was you're willing to let others die because of some belief that may or may not be true and you have no evidence of?
Wow this ad is nice.
No way that liver is going to be of any use.
Id like to mention how meta this is an ad for the best ad ever
You won't use your organs after death anyway, so might as well donate them. Why is he a hero I never understood this mentality.  Actually, he can use that organ donor stamp to his benefit while he is alive. So it's probably an asshole move in disguise. 
Just came back from the Batman movie, realized that the actor is Thomas Jane and the voice over is Will Arnett. Saw this many times but never crossed my mind.
I'm registering first thing come Monday. Hand to God. So technically this ad just saved a life.
Best. Ad. Ever. 
TIL That tendons can be transferred just like any other organ. Cool.
Maybe my father in-law will become a Coleman Sweeney? Doubt it but maybe. 
Its the biggest Fuck you you can do to him after his death. Make him save others lol.
Wow! How much would it have cost to put Fix You by Coldplay in this commercial ? 
on point. great ad, great fucking ad. brilliant.
Probably registered by accident or a drunken bet. Bet lets ignore that this might be a possibility yeah
Hey! My friend's in this commercial. The stuff that pops up on reddit.
GIVE US YOUR ORGANS
The numbers for organ donors are shocking. We donated my dads organs the staff at the hospital said that only about 10 people had donated there organs that year for that hospital 
it says organ donor on my license, can i be a dick now?
When I was getting my license I said I wanted to be a donor when my mom found out she freaked out a little and told me if doctors find out you are a donor they won't try to save you my mom worries a lot 
Coleman Sweeney is my kinda guy
As someone who has the first name Coleman, I'm not sure I'm being well represented in the media. Here's the only other Coleman I'm aware of. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbpf7vJNLVw
Hey, thats the dude from The Expanse! Love that show, love his character.
Everyone should be an organ donor by default, and you can op out if you like, rather than having to opt in. I think most non-organ donors aren't donors due to laziness, forgetfulness, being unsure how to sign up or having a lack of understanding about the need of donors. 
Nice ad! Sadly Heart Transplants don't last 25 years. It's great if they last 15. Everyone should be an organ donor, because often people need more than one second chance. 
would they really use the liver of a drinker and heart of a smoker to give to someone else?
Is it weird that my last name is Sweeney?
Holy shit that's the guy from the Expanse!
You won't use your organs will be donated.
[I've still got this one as my pick] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=munMGzeqCQE)
Good god the idea of having a random brain aneurysm and instantly dying is pretty terrifying. 
Who got his asshole?
Even registering to be an organ donor isn't enough. Please talk about your decision with your family/spouse because once you're gone, they are the ones that have the last say whether or not your organs are in fact donated. source: father worked for TOSA for 10+ years as a organ transplant coordinator. 
Original: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuLGeZ-T680&feature=youtu.be
Who wants his liver
hah hah this guy is a bitt of an ass hole in the expanse also. Great show!
I lived with a Coleman in my appartment building once.  Went down to transfer my laundry from the washer to the dryer. Only to find my pile of wet soapy clothes on the dryer, and the washing machine running. I was so pissed. I unplugged the washing machine, and took my clothes back to my appt. 
I heard that if they see you're a donor, they try less to save your life. Anyone else hear that?
[original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeVLxcekEsw)
I have the same birthday as Coleman. It impresses me more than my previous most famous birthday guy, David Schwimmer. 
Will Arnett narrated the video and did a great job.   
Getting close to a mini-masterpiece that one
Getting close to a mini-masterpiece that one
This Story is Better than superman VS hulk and only in 3 mins
Im an organ donor but I changed my mind. I dont want to go into a hospital and have a doctor kill me for my organs. 
100%
How do I summon the Karma decay bot?
organ donation is important but why not give the post an informative title? If I hadn't come to the comments to complain about the astroturfing I would have no idea what it was about. 
stupid white shithead
r/hailcorporate
Basically, if you sign up to be an organ donor you have permission to be a dick.
If you're not an organ donor you should be prevented from receiving organs yourself.
Mods get off your lazy asses and ban ads.
Being an organ donor is not a free ticket to be an asshole. Honestly, what example is this setting? Sure it's well shot and very moving but I think the point is off.
Make it Hail!
You want to know something really f***ed up?Where I live, people actually do this. It's expected.[Here's an article.](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/the-messed-up-story-behind-albertas-sad-tradition-of-throwing-loonies-at-strippers)
HEY BAYBAYYYY!
Holy shit this reminds me of a story that a friend once told me.So this friend is a little sketchy, but a good guy. According to him one of his friends was dating a stripper. She cheated on him so he got a bunch of people together and went to the strip club when she was working. She came on stage and they proceeded to pelt her with nickels till security threw them out.Haven't laughed that hard in a while.
Where??
Me too dude. Check out The Expanse if you haven't already. He's fantastic in it.
Have you seen the Punisher short he was in? [Dirty Laundry](https://youtu.be/bWpK0wsnitc)
Was that actually him? Dude looked completely different! 
Same man... Same
I loved the TV show Hung he was in. 
Was gonna say that guy was awesome. Thanks for the name. Want to see more of this character, it's perfect.
Hung
Here's another one of him...and...a laundromat. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWpK0wsnitc
Lyndsey Fonseca as the waitress, too.  
>http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0450314/the best Punisher movie
He was a great Punisher, even if the movie wasn't so good...
Thank god I wasn't the only one, I felt weird but happy.
Me too! 
Fucking onions!
Haha, I scrolled down to check whether or not I was the only one. :')
What, it really had a weird vibe for me when the organ donation part came. When you are an asshole you deserve to die, your organs are worth more in other people..
In Sweden: https://www.socialstyrelsen.se/donationsregistret/anmalan
Man I've never been so proud to be an organ donor.  Think I'll reward myself by throwing rocks at cars from the overpass.  You know, like an ass hole.  
In the UK:https://www.organdonation.nhs.uk
In Germany:  https://www.organspende-info.de/
And in Norway: http://organdonasjon.no
Just registered
In Mxico we're all donors unless we specify we don't want to or our legal guardians (Spouse, Parents or Children) refuse to. But if you want to overrule their decision and donate your organs no matter what, you can print and fill out this card and carry it with you until you die (hehe) [Just do it](http://www.cenatra.salud.gob.mx/descargas/index/tarjeta_donador1.pdf) Edit: Apparently this is only the case in Mexico City. For the rest of the country you'd have to print the card or leave some sort of signed writing saying you want to donate your organs
The Netherlands:https://www.donorregister.nl/uwregistratie/digitaal#!/login
In Australia:https://www.humanservices.gov.au/customer/services/medicare/australian-organ-donor-register
Reminded me That i hadn't registred :) http://imgur.com/a/XI6eV
Mailed in my organ donor form I got while renewing license.
In The Netherlands:jaofnee.nl
Is the second one for Canada, or just Ontario?
yeah not exaggerating much with this title, are we?Assholes don't register to be organ donors
I like it in theory, but it feels odd that the default would be our bodies belong to the state upon death. 
Jahovahs witnesses would lose their minds if this became a thing.
The current system is fine. The majority of people I've talked to about the subject are organ donors
And if you do opt-out, also understand if you're sick you'll be the put at the end of the line in receiving anything.
Your laziness could save a life!
In reality, Coleman would most likely be the organ recipient.
Well, not every organ needs to be affected, some might still be better than nothing. I wouldn't want his liver, though.
If nothing else, they can usually use your corneas. It's one of the most commonly transplanted parts.
I'm not into that. Thanks though!
This needs some upvotes. Your body might be used for medical student training, if that. Which is a good thing don't get me wrong, just different is all it is. A bunch of 23 year olds standing around looking at how you trimmed your pubes. 
lol, it's the small details
Up yours Coleman.
I've never met another Coleman before. Do you get a lot of nicknames too? I respond to anything that ends with man at this point.
>If they decline, then we do not transplant or procure tissues     I find that ridiculous and selfish. 
Welp, I'm pretty sure I'm already registered, so I guess it's time to throw some pennies at hookers!
I'm a donor, but i disagree that it should be opt-out. It's your body and I don't think someone should have claims on your corpse just because you didn't sign a piece of paper. At least my family will know I 100% consented before I get gutted like a fish and harvested for my organs
At least he'd thought about it and had a reason; not just I'll get to it at some point.
That's entirely his choice, and an enormous amount of people share that kind of view. I'm not religious, but they shouldn't be forced to give up their organs, regardless of their reasoning.I do think it should be opt-out rather than opt-in though.
it isn't letting others die, though. just like he doesn't know if his belief is true, you don't even know that his organs would ever be used. if it gives him peace-of-mind, it's a valid and respectable choice.
A fucked up liver is better than a completely broken liver 
he gave someone his shitty kidneys 
What is this, a crossover episode?
That is amazing! I hope you really do get around to it!
Yeah, I didn't realize that either.
He registered himself as a donor 
It's a cover though...
That's less about the number of people who register and more about the fact that it's fairly rare for organs to be useable. It requires some pretty specific conditions.
If it's destroyed or will cause complications, probably not. If it's still viable, I imagine they would.
Apparently that used to be true a long time ago, but it isn't anymore. Here's an article about it:[Do doctors try to save organ donors?](http://www.snopes.com/medical/emergent/donor.asp) 
That was actually deliberate on my part. I thought more people would be likely to watch it with the current title, because sometimes people shy away from watching something that they may feel is preaching a morality or asking them to do something. 
I don't think that was the point of the advert mate
That is not the message I got 
I don't exactly think that's the point.
Ppl like you is the reason America is going to shit. 
Are those nickels? 
This is a thing that actually happens in Canada. Our loonie (1 dollar) is a coin and at the end of the dance the lady takes a giant magnet on a stick and drags it across the stage.Real assholes heat them up with lighters first and aim it at the clit. You'd think they'd be kicked out or beaten up since a lot of these joins are run by Angels but nope.
Well we're not gonna give the peelers 5 dollar bills.
While I agree this is a sad spectacle, it is encouraged by the strip clubs. The lack of a dollar bill probably hurt dancers' pocket books more than coins hurt their bodies and self esteem.
I'm Canadian, and the only place I've been had a place on the end of the stage to place tips, kind of like you'd see at a club bar. 
SUPAH MARIO 2 BEYBE 
[deleted]
God I love him as Miller
fuck, just realised that's him. his familiarity was bugging me since episode 1.
He looks so skinny in The Expanse especially in season 2. But he has his style, very cool.
That was awesome, thanks for sharing. 
Yep, another reason it would have been nice to see him in another one. Was hoping when this Marvel thing started picking up they would pick him and have him be the Punisher in a movie or two but so far no. :( 
He just wants his kids back.
He honestly looks emaciated. Dude lost a ton of weight. He was pretty big as the Punisher. 
Saw that, it was good. Made me even more upset we didn't get him in another one. 
Fucking weirdos.Excuse me, I have to go dry my face for a completely unrelated reason.
I dont think it's saying that. It's more of a despite not being liked in life what he did was truly heroic.
In China:www.falundafa.org
Tog 20 sekunder, gr det. 
I completely forgot I was an organ donor!
You can also order the plastic cards for free!https://www.organspende-info.de/articles/2081Might as well order a few more and give them to your friends.
http://organdonasjon.no/content/uploads/2013/09/Donorkort_utfyllbart.pdf1) Skriv ut2) Fyll ut3) D ut
Good for you, man!
I really wish this was the way the US did it. Unless you have a card specifically saying you DON'T want to be an organ donor you should just automatically be registered for it. You're dead, and until they can fully grown new organs to replace old ones, people are dying without donations.I completely understand that some people don't want to donate theirs for religious and personal reasons, but if everyone was automatically an organ donor, I'm sure thousands of extra lives could be saved each year. Death is a tragedy, but if something good can come out of it, why not make it happen?
Thanks :) Just registered.
Yeah, good point. I didn't see that.... will work on fixing it. 
You planning on doing something with it?
They can throw my body in a trash can if it saves a life or two
I love my Soylent Green!
So let them opt out...I think society is better off allowing people to opt out of organ donation than to opt in.
So let them opt out. Let's just make sure they don't have the same priority as others if they decide to do so.I **really** don't like the idea of people opting out of organ donation and having the same priority for when they need one. It's the definition of hypocrisy. Because they believe it will harm their chances of getting into heaven if their body is desecrated, them accepting an organ is them basically saying they're happy for you to go to hell but don't do it to me because I'm special. It's disgusting. But by all means, if they're top of the list anyway give them a transplant, they might be cunts but cunts may change in the future.Provided there are exemptions for people with medical conditions which mean if they can't or shouldn't donate they are treated as if they were a registered donor, I don't see the problem at all.I'm sure there are other edge cases and complications, for example one might want to opt out because while they *want* to donate, their family will find out about their decision when they die and they will be ashamed of them because of their beliefs .etc This is all bullshit though, people registering to donate are fucking adults and they should be capable of making adult decisions with adult consequences.The families would just block the donation and get around it that way though. I don't like that either. If someone is a registered organ donor their organs should be donated regardless of the families wishes. The deceased wishes trump theirs when it comes to their body. I can understand blocking donations of parts of the body that would be externally visible (parts of eyes for example) that could interfere with the grieving process (Families typically visit the body up until the funeral) and that *maybe* should remain blockable or at least be a separate opt-in/opt-out, but for internal organs I don't think this should happen at all. The person *should* have taken the decision seriously and talked with their family and decided to opt out if so anyway (along with accepting the consequences).I'm a registered donor and I've specifically told my mother not to block any kind of donation should I die somehow. She says she couldn't let them cut me up though, which pisses me off so much even if I do empathize with that position on a human level. I believe if you specifically write it in your will or something that you do in fact definitely do want to donate, it's a hell of a lot harder for your family to stop it from happening in some circumstances (where you die in a hospital and they can keep your body alive long enough to go through the legal shit) so i'm going to do that soon.A lot of the time it's not possible to donate organs because the body has to be preserved properly immediately after death and people who die from a lot of causes don't tend to have healthy organs, but with the shortage of donors and people regularly dying on waiting lists, every person that doesn't donate when it could have been possible to do so essentially means 2 (probably a lot more) people die instead of 1, **fuck that**. Have a good think about that if you're not a registered organ donor right now, don't bring a bunch of other people with you because the idea makes you uncomfortable, for fucks sake.
Oh yeah, your anecdotal evidence totally overrules the actual stats of how many people are organ donors. 
We should add other value judgments too. Committed a violent felony? back of the line. Drug user? Back of the line. Less educated? Maybe you can be in the middle. Donated more money? Front of the line. 
Becoming a body donor for anatomy lab is a completely separate process that requires quite a bit more effort/paperwork than becoming an organ donor.
No. If you die while hooked up to the machines, and you're an organ donor, they'll take your organs, but in no way will they just donate your body to a medical school unless you specifically specify that before death.
> A bunch of 23 year olds standing around looking at how you trimmed your pubes.After you've seen a few bodies, it's just meat on a table. Even with live patients you learn to separate anatomy from sexuality and I could probably do a full trauma assessment on Jessica Alba without feeling pickle tickled. Plus your corpse wouldn't be nearly as interesting as the really exotic cause-of-death one after you. 
you asshole..
You're not an asshole. Anymore. 
Nah, meat is meat.
I hear what you mean. But I feel once your dead why would you care? But more importantly a lot of people who are willing donors don't sign up just because they don't get around to it. Opt out would avoid those life saving oversights.
There is a valid argument that there's a message saying that being an organ donor can make a shitty person less shitty, so long as some of those organs go to benefitting another.  We can both use our highly intelligent brains, I use that term loosely, to determine that the real message is that it doesn't take any real effort to be a donor so you should sign up and potentially save lives.  You should also be able to use that highly intelligent brain, this is why I use that term loosely, to determine that I was making a joke.Also, whenever I'm an asshole, like right now, I stop and think to myself, this is kind of messed up, but at least I'm an organ donor.
I'd bet you didn't.
stupid people?
Nope... expired tokens
I'm a baller on a budget!
This is the worst thing I have ever read about Canada. I know its not some magical place where everyone actually apologizes all of the time. but wtf is this? throwing hot coins at an entertainer is pretty douchey.
being a stripper doesnt immediately make you a dishonest person, ya know.
Shit just follows you around, don't it kid
I... I so don't.I only wanted the first episode or two... does like... the acting and production value get better?  I just made it all the way through the books and and could use some Expanse content to get me through till the next book, but... ugh...
[removed]
Punisher Warzone and Daredevil Season 2 would have been so much better with Jane playing Castle...
He plays a character who lives in the asteroid belt in the TV show The Expanse, I think he lost weight for the role since Belters tend to be tall and thin from living in low gravity
Space travel will do that to you 
haha! this is so wrong. Love it.
In India :www.lundpechad.com
Yolo
Nope. And I'm a donor, as well. Just seems a little weird. 
[*tresh can](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Rtu1Va-dnM)
Yeah. Interest of opting in/caring vs the potential of we were all in.
Or make it so that if you opt out (as opposed to your organs not being wanted) you can't get organs. 
Yeah I thought so too
Drug users actually are put in the back of the line. Too much risk of damaging their new organs. 
I don't feel right discriminating against people because of how 'important' they are or their general smartness.. How do you even measure that.. give them an IQ test while their kidneys are failing to see how much they *Deserve* to be first in line against the world's lists? Then you have people in their elder years being told Sorry some millionare donated,well, millions,and instead you are now second in line instead of 'next tomorrow morning'.If a human needs organs they should get them. Even felonists with that extreme moral case mentioned first.Feels like you're creating VIP status and shit when realistically if everyone was opt'd in there wouldn't even be a waiting line.The team/people/(Organization..as you describe..) saving lives should not be cherry picking and not have their decisions altered by money/person history or status. It feels disgusting to me.
I don't understand your logic, so you want all the benefits of donors but don't want to contribute into it yourself?       >Donated more money? Front of the line.    Why is this a bad thing? If a billionaire donates $100,000,000 to a charity that helps victims who need surgical procedures to live, is it wrong to tell them they jump to the front of the line if they're dying?
If you do that you'll just get called racist. Like that black teen who got refused a heart because he refused to do what his doctor told him and the media cried racist until he got it. Then he stole someones car and crashed it killing himself thus ruining the heart he got that some decent normal person was refused because of leftist paranoia about racism. 
Oh ok I'm wrong 
but it's *my* meat.
Get around to it? When I got my license when I was 16 they asked if I wanted to be a donor and I said yes. I get what your saying though if you don't want to say yes if you're a teenager then yes it would be a process, but for me it was a matter of saying yes or no
[deleted]
Doors and corners. That's where they get you.
It's never going to look like a James Cameron movie, but the production value does get a little better.
Wow, fuck off with your spoilers.
The former still would have sucked, just not as badly. The latter was great anyway, imo 
It sure is a good thing I know a little hindi
They should be offered rehab options to speed everything up. Like a deal that only benefits them.Either being asked to take sessions prior or even afterwards, given pamphlets/options/etc to get out of it once and for all
That was the point. From a simple black and white view it seems like it would be moral to say 'Give no organs get no organs' but then we are denying life to someone because of our judgement on their life decisions. So if we are willing to cherry pick based on that qualification then why stop there? Why not extend it to other things deemed good or bad for society. 
I don't know, is it? There's the utilitarian perspective where we should do what's best for society. Let's take this to an ad nausem level though. What would be wrong with a system that executes bad people to save 10 other good people? We'll assume they are thoroughly vetted to be the most deserving of death/saving. 
If I was the charity I would say go for it, if I was the guy who gets cut off I would be pretty bummed
>is it wrong to tell them they jump to the front of the line if they're dying?If they're dying and have little to no time, no. But if they are jumping in front of people who need it more than they do, then yes, I think that's wrong. Also, I don't really think that's a fair criteria. The vast majority of people are not billionaires and do not have the means of contributing mass sums of money to charities.The waiting list should be prioritized strictly based off need/severity, IMO.
I think the point is you're putting a value on life, and valuing one person over another. If someone doesn't want to donate, fine, but doesn't make his life of less value than anyone else. Even a billionaires.
Ya, to be honest my mom signed me up when I was still a kid and I don't remember a discussion when I got my first license, I think something needed to be mailed away when I was still young...I imagine it's different from place to place though.If there wasn't a organ shortage I could see your point more, but people die all the time dues to lack of donors. We live in a society we should look out for eachother - hold the door, return found wallets, and donate your heart and liver when you die. 
Don't underestimate the power of the default. The last time I got my license renewed, the person inputting my data didn't bother checking Yes even though I did. So instead I had to register through a state registry and to get an updated license I'd have to pay for it out of pocket. According to a doctor I was talking to about general organ donation stuff, a lot of people who are on the state list but don't have it on their ID end up having their organs go to waste in situations where time is critical, since it's one more thing to look up in an emergency situation.Not really disagreeing with anything you said, but there's a huge difference in organ donor rates between countries that default to yes and those that default to no, for nearly countless various reasons.
sorry you had to go through that kinda stuff, bro. but yeah what you're sayin' makes sense
*kicks down the next door without looking*
I don't think the production value is the problem. The show looks great. I think they did a really good job with the CG, the sets, and the production design, but the acting gets me. I think that Miller is decent, but the guy who plays Holden is the most punchable dude in the entire galaxy, and I cringe a little every time I hear Alex's Texan/Martian accent. I really wanted to like that show, and I'll probably finish it, but I really think that they did themselves a disservice by seemingly blowing the budget on visuals. 
It introduces pay-to-win into the moral cycle of that system. You can have the sweetest grandparent next in line 'after all these months', and this millionaire guy snatches first place ahead of her  because money.The realest issue is, you're all discussing this with me, but realistically we should have an abundance of organs with everyone in an opt-in system. Not people bypassing the queue because they're important, rich or smart
> What would be wrong with a system that executes bad people to save 10 other good people?Nothing if we could most definitely identify those people as bad which, for humans, should not be given such power since they're flawed.     To make the argument more relevant to our conversation, if 10 friends decide to go on a trip to Las Vegas and you want to be included, but not pay, are they making bad judgments based on your wanting to be included but not contribute?
>The vast majority of people are not billionaires and do not have the means of contributing mass sums of money to charities.     So you'd rather have someone contribute nothing and advance nothing just so they'd be on an even playing field than to have them give an obscene amount of money with a little edge?
Forget the billionaire portion; why shouldn't donors get precedence for organs if they've contributed into it themselves?
> the guy who plays Holden is the most punchable dude in the entire galaxyIsn't that true to the book?   ;-)  But seriously, I watched the show in two sittings, and those things didn't bother me, so either I'm tone deaf or the problem got better and I forgave and forgot.
I think you should give it another try.  The acting and pretty much everything else improves significantly in the second season.
That millionaire then saves even more lives by giving to a hospital instead of buying a bigger vacation home. People's lives will be saved by that donation. Should we let people die just so that things are more fair for Grandma?
Except that going to Vegas is not a life or death situation. You acknowledge that we are too flawed to make value judgements of who deserves to die but then proceed to judge anyone who felt uncomfortable with organ donation deserves to be left to die. That's why most people don't like the idea you proposed. It's just another value judgment of who should live and die. 
It seems like you are treating billionaires as better than the poor simply because they have the means to pay.  So how many good people die every year because they can't afford medical treatment.  Better yet.  How many Nikola Tesla's have died or never fulfilled their potential because they were poor?Honestly.  Everyone deserves equality no matter what when it comes to Government run programs or public services.  If billionaires want to to be put at the front of the list there are plenty of private corporations that would be glad to take their money.
What I'm saying is that I disagree with the idea of ranking people on the waiting list simply based off how much money they're able to contribute to charities. 
I guess you're right about that. I'm a huge fan, so I'm probably going to finish the show, but there's just something about the overacting that just turns me off. I think I might just be in a heightened state of criticality having just finished Westworld. 
> then proceed to judge anyone who felt uncomfortable with organ donation deserves to be left to die.      I never said they should be left to die, but rather, they should be put in the back of the line. It's also extremely selfish to say *I felt uncomfortable giving my organs when I'm dead but I'm totally comfortable with using your organs while I'm alive*
You're thinking small picture and not the big picture. I'm not saying if someone makes $55k/year they should be put infront of a line with someone making $25k/year, but rather, if someone donates hundreds of millions of dollars to a particular program it shouldn't be 'crazy' to push them to the front of the line in a dire situation.     Think of it this way. Let's say there's 10 people who need a bone marrow and 1 of them is a billionaire; in all cases being equal, each should get a 10% chance of being 'next in line'. But if a billionaire pays, say, $1B to a leukemia organization that searches for bone marrows, encourages donations, and overall helps to cure the disease, then I say give the billionaire precedence based on that.     You'd rather have everypme be equally miserable than to give an inch and gain much more long term.
Ok, so then we should base placement on how selfish the person is and if they can show what a good person they are then they get a better chance at living then selfish people do. 
So what happens when this billionaire gets diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and needs a transplant?  Now they decide this would be an awesome time to donate 10 million dollars so they can be put in front of the line for a transplant. 
No, in that case you deny the donation and they have to stand in line like everyone else. The whole point is to entice people to donate BEFORE something happens which will mean billions upon billions of dollars into research.
Band oh blah di oh blah
I want to see him or just someone do that to Rap God.
He made a great video about the m25. 
*That's a fucking difficult one!*
[People do something similar with Take Me Out to the Ball Game.](https://www.google.com/search?q=take+me+ballgame+off+by+one) 
I thought for sure this was beardyman before he got famous, googled the name, turns out it's his brother! Guess the resemblance is strong in that family.
What was that second song?
I had an old Sharon, Lois & Bram cassette tape that had Take Me Out to the Ball Game on it.  After one round of it normally, they do it like this.
Well I'm not gonna do a male deer. 
Damn, that was sick!
That gave me a great chuckle, thanks for sharing.
Damn the map guy is talented
I tried to do it, then made a disgusted noise upon remembering how utterly mediocre I am
Fuckin wizard.
That was autastic 
Yeah that song was a good one
Yeah, his entire Unfinished London series is amazing. As is his newer series Map Men.
Oh shit no way. I thought I recognised him too but couldn't place him.
Obladi oblada 
We're the menAnd here's the map.Map men...
Thanks much kind internet stranger.
Map men, map men, map *map MAP* men men
I'd say this is one of my favourite videos they've ever put out. Very personal and genuine. A nice feel good story.
i still think it's weird ethan is in love with his sister but at least they are happy, who am i to judge
I thought they met at a holocaust museum not as some randoms on skype.
I can't help but love Ethan and Hila. They seem like such down to earth and genuine people that are just living life and making it up as they go. 
Man, it's kind sad seeing how Ethan's just gotten so much fatter. I shouldn't be one to judge but he looked pretty good back then. He wasn't necessarily thin but hey.
I only watched Ethan during a bunch of youtube drama.  Turns out, dude is a pretty good story teller.  Thanks for this video!
 That hug at the end tho. She never wants to kiss him.
I'm not crying, *you're crying*!My bf reached over and held my hand when the bell pepper story came up  Happy Valentines Day everyone.
Are we perfect for each other?What is perfect?Exactly!lost it.
Ah fuck, this video made me cry. When Ethan was talking about true love it just made me feel so lonely.
This legit made me tear up. Papa bless you guys.
That's not drug dealin
Hey, a video where he isn't talking shit about someone else :) 
Now, all they have to do is sell out like PewDiePie.
So does the internet like h3h3 again? I remember some sort of controversy involving them.
not enough youtube drama, wtf is this shit /s
Weed shouldn't count as selling drugs and it doesn't in a state where marijuana is legal (kind of like California, where they live and shot this)I thought they were people who had experienced actual life or hardship. Not selling weed because they needed some money. What world do these people live in where selling a little bit of weed to get by in a state that weed is legal is some how drug dealing and not simply the equivalent of selling fruits or vegetables? I think this lazy dude just wants views. Classic YouTube garbage. 
At the very end I realized how good the video really was. Though I will say that I spent too much time contemplating its legitimacy and couldn't enjoy it fully.  
Agreed i loved it
It's nice that his sister is also his carer. 
That's how they first met, Ethan was on a trip to Israel. They kept in contact through skype.
Life burns ya down man. Some people weather the storm better than others, and sometimes people face different challenges and they deal with them differently.
Well he's down ten pounds now!        #FupaLoss2017
Well being in college and broke can be a reason for eating less. 
He's losing weight now so
it'd be weird if his sister kissed him
If it makes you feel better, your one true soulmate probably will never find you and end up being alone just like you! I'm
I don't remember anything like that 
He stole from MDE or something like that
This story took place 8 years ago. Weed was definitely not legal then, it only became legal a couple of months ago. Classic reddit comment garbage. 
m8, you're dumb.
Except California voted to legalize a couple months ago.  This story takes place a few years ago.
Ohhhhhgeezus
Omg **WHO CARES**.
My sisters keeper two: my brothers keeper
and babysitter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIdrK32KNDI
Me neither.  Probably thinking of one of the controversies they discussed.
Their portrayal of vapers was completely inaccurate and offensive. We hoverboard, we don't walk.
Marijuana has been decriminalized here for well over 10 years. I've lived in the weed economy in Northern California for almost 10 years now. For the past 10 or so years my county has had an incredibly liberal 100 plant per patient rule (as opposed to many of California standard 6) here everyone grows weed and it is sold for cash, even to marijuana clinics. There is zero regulation and there never has been. Is this drug dealing? Technically. But in what possible way is it he same as selling cocaine, meth, or heroin?  Here parents grow weed, wholesome families and work environments grow marijuana. It's grown with love, and care and these people of any weed growing verity have almost zero association with any other drugs or illegal activity. It's not the same. Simple as that. The dickhead who made this knows that, you don't because you haven't lived in California for years. Selling kilos of meth vs a family who grows their own weed and sells it to clinics is not the same. Leave you middle class bubble for one second and think.
youre wrong 
You derped 
$125 wow
Jesus, this is beautifully crafted
I need to know when the next ROOM is coming out...
how long until somebody send him a fake puzzle box where the solution is to just break it open with a hammer?
Can someone recommend a good entry level puzzle?
How does dropping the little rod inside help to open it up? How could you ever figure that out?
I recently watched a couple of this guy's videos and my favorite of them is [The Puzzle at the End of the Book](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQsM7pLtUKs)
This guy's voice is unbearable
The fact this puzzle box opens is very satisfying
now THIS is a cool puzzle. Very impressed
Anyone got a link for this to purchase? Can't find it
Yawn 
That's the first puzzle on that channel that is actually remotely difficult to solve. Finally. I enjoyed this video, but the rest were stupid.
The craftsmanship and design of the puzzle are cool.I can't say I like a puzzle that requires nonintuitive solutions like lay it on its side and spin it to get it to move a little. 
The focusing in this video was horrible. Sure it looks nice, but you couldn't see half of what he was showing. Aren't there lenses with deeper field?
[deleted]
expensive or cheap? Seems like quite a bit of engineering and machining
Right? I loved the little ringing noises it made when he pushed pieces together.
I have an idea for a puzzle like this but on the inside is a small action figure that pulls in two to reveal a razor knife and a short message akin to Let me sleep, mark the lumber, make it harder, I want my slumber or some such message.  It would be at that point that you realized (or confirmed your earlier suspicion) that all of the messages scratched onto the box were written by other people who had solved the puzzle before you and arrived at the end.  Every message on the box was intended to steer you away from the correct path, crowdsourced by other solvers who scratched their message in.  I'll probably never make this, so if this doesn't sound like a shit idea to you, random puzzle maker reading this, go for it or whatever it inspires you to make.  
I thought they stopped at 3.
[This is a good one](https://www.amazon.com/GYBBER-MUMU-Wooden-Preschool-Puzzle/dp/B01JGM7UOG/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1486862207&sr=8-6&keywords=baby+puzzle)
how many fingers am I holding up?
Look up revomazes
I think when you screw the rod over the little rod it pushes it down and releases some sort of locking mechanism and you have to spin the puzzle in order for the lock to unlock.  
I really enjoyed that one too. It was WAY more complicated than I thought, especially since it was written and drawn as a children's book.
http://www.mrpuzzle.com.au/lotus-sequential-discovery-puzzle.html
Nope. There's a guy. When you know the guy, you can buy from the guy (his name is Wil). Not joking. I went to England to find the guy and bought this from the guy. Once I did that I got on the mailing list for the guy so I could buy other things from the guy.But to start, you need to know a guy.
For real lmao
You're not a very elegant puzzle.
Seems expensive for a 1 use type thing, it isn't like you solve the same puzzle multiple times.
the amount of engineering or utility is nothing like modern tech like a $125 phone for example. It's a niche product that's not widely manufactured, hence the expensive price tag.
IMO that's pretty cheap for how much work will go into making these.I like puzzles like this though.
if you already own industrial metal working equipment from your regular business/machine shop, this thing is just labor cost and a small amount of material.  this kind of thing isnt super profitable or in much demand, so it's made by weirdos who love it for other weirdos who love it like fleb and they charge a high price.  it's why a lot of these things are made from wood, most people have tools in their garage and the only real expense is time; guess somebody who's a puzzle head works at a machine shop somewhere + also has some business sense.
Interesting mechanic, but what is the puzzle?
lmao
Savage.
Just spit my drink out. Haha. Thank you!
Oh we do jokes now? Go stand in front of a mirror if you want a laugh.
Yeah I got half way through that video and realized I puzzles should not be my new thing.
Thank you!
Jesus, I'd love to gift this to someone. Guess I'll be finding that guy someday... Thanks for the heads up
I've always seen puzzles like this as a coffee table decoration where people come across it and try to figure it out.
I assumed the only practical use for the puzzle was transferring drugs instead of the lotus coin. What are they gonna do, charge you for selling a puzzle? No way they're just randomly gonna know how to open it.
engineering + construction + economics of scale = price
Your lack of humor puzzles me.
How far down the rabbit hole are you willing to go? Like with many other hobbies, it's surprisingly deep...
Yeah seems selfish too keep this puzzle to yourself.
If an authority had reason to believe there were illegal substances in a secret compartment of your box, they're gonna be breaking your box, bud. 
[deleted]
Too much time on /r/roastme
I've been recently interested in box puzzles, I've seen ones go for as high as $1200 but I'm sure there are more challenging ones
fuck you it's mine.
Yes, that is very likely. But they'd need some kind of probable cause wouldn't they? What if you demonstrated all the other puzzle stuff before the lotus coin compartment? Why reason do they have to bust it open if you've showed them all the visible puzzles? Anyways, I suppose it would really just depend on which authority figure you were trying to convince, and whether or not they fell for it. Could go either way.
You're forgetting the most important thing about what sets a price - competition & supply. I'm willing to pay hundreds of dollars for a bottle of water if i had no water (otherwise i'd die) - but thankfully a bottle of water is cheap to make, and plentiful, so there's multiple vendors i can choose from, and they're forced to drop their prices to get my money (unless they figure out a way to collude together to price fix- but that's illegal)
As in, their horrible and uncreative insults rubbed off onto you?
Oh, my. That's a particularly deep and expensive hole...
I'm sure you can find other holes to go down that are more fun, but start [here](https://www.flickr.com/photos/61394337@N04/albums/72157674859068802) for more info. It's my Flickr album for the last International Puzzle Party, which is a Place where you can go to find the Guy I mentioned.
But there's an upper limit.  I wouldn't pay hundreds of dollars for a bottle of water because I know that being in a situation where I'm forced to pay that much to survive is unsustainable.  Instead, I would focus on getting out of that situation (possibly by paying hundreds of dollars).
This is excellent, thank you
Have fun...
Oops, pressed the wrong button.My bad
Anyone know what happened to the people on this ride?
Somebody better check that carney's license to see if he's certified to operate that dangerous machine.
And that, boys and girls, is why you don't ride on carnival rides, ever. If you want to go ride on rides, go to a regulated theme park.
Something similar happened in my hometown a few years ago. No deaths, but several injured.https://m.imgur.com/a/hTCLk
Once again, it's time to post a link to the [Centrifuge Brain Project](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVeHxUVkW4w)
Vertical video and ~~240p~~ 120p, wonderful.
VOLUME!!!!!!!!!!
lefty loosey righty tighty.
Must be the gravitron 3000
Never trust a ride that has a license plate on it.
Fairs in first world countries are risky enough, we can only be glad this thing didn't immediately catch fire too.
As seen on When disaster strikes 4.
https://youtu.be/ZXaOUTKa0wUThis is all i could think of watching that
Ha!!!!
Was this at Duff Gardens?
You can never trust those mall carnivals they set them up like in a few hours 
yikesssss
This is why I don't go to any local fair. I don't trust thousands of pounds of moving machinery that was erected in just a day or two by some carnies.
X-Treme! Snap into a Slim Jim!!!
RIDES OVER! GTFO!!!
The Alabama Slammer.
What a blast! 
trumps first month.
I want to get off Mr. Bone's Wild Ride.
And they all rejoiced, for the settlements were grand, and included an assortment of stuffed animals.
Where can i ride this?
You know what's way scarier than going on some super crazy fast roller coaster?  Going on some shitty ride at some local fair where you can see the rust and hear the groaning metal.
PINCHE TU MADRE
[People die at the fair](https://youtu.be/RwD596ehg30?t=14)
Why do people stop filming when something bad happens that's when you want most video to show in court etc
[Wrong button](http://www.nedmartin.org/v3/amused/_img/fighter-jet-wrong-button.jpg)
Thirteen kids injured, twelve with nothing to serious and after a night in the hospital they were sent home, only one ended with a fracture, no information about the ride, let's hope it's okey. 
They fell very fast toward the ground.
Most got promoted to Trump's cabinet.
Stephen didn't make out with Becky that night...
PLEASE think of the ride!
Certificate from the cracker jacks box checks out. 
According to statistics more people are injured at carnivals, but the death rate has been higher at theme parks, where they have bigger rides like roller coasters or crazy waterslides.
Carnival rides are pretty much just as safe as theme parks. I don't get your logic people die at regulated theme parks also. Its amusement operators that don't properly inspect or maintain the rides they own that cause incidents like this.
It really depends on the state. I know some ride owners here in Maryland. Every time they set up in state, the DLLR comes out and inspects every ride. Even if they move across the street. Conversely in neighboring WV they get each ride inspected once a year.I know some states have virtually no regulations for carnival type rides. I think the was a big accident in Kansas or Nebraska last year because of that.
[Um....](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-28/what-we-know-so-far-about-the-dreamworld-tragedy/7974358)
This is why load balancing is an important thing. 
Ay my old hometown had stuff too. No injuries but the fear in that poor boys voice made me sads.https://youtu.be/I7mgJtEGkZU
Dat smily face on the ride.
it's just sitting on wheels? what fucking arsehole's idea was that?  I highly doubt it was originally built like that. had to originally ben a ride bolted to a deep cement base. Civil and mechanical engineers take their shit too seriously than to fuck up like this the first time around.  Well, licensed ones anyways.
Lakewood, WA?
Took me a bit longer than it should of to realize it's fake. 
As some one who is deathly afraid of heights and 6'5, and only get 1 click in rides and the harness is dug 2 inches in my shoulders. This was difficult to watch knowing it was fake.  My fuck. My stomach is churning 
[Quiet down, guys](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KYCSI-oi_COA06mPNKWqdFhiiTcYSmKhl6UsgAKsjjjhzwMVXA0cs9irwe4=rwu-w320-h240)
FAGGOT!!!!!!!!!
I thought those were enclosed?
You and me think alike!
Reminds me of the John Denver ride in South Park
I hope the ride pulls through. 
hopefully lots of money too
And then...
Thanks for the closure!
Large corporation that doesn't want to get sued and most the rides are automated anyways VS. small traveling carnival ride operator that requires more manual operations and doesn't have as many safety checks that are automated. I wonder which one is going to be safer.I agree they have accidents at theme parks, but I still would say they are more likely to be safer. That is just me though. You are welcome to go ride on carnival rides though.
Theme park rides aren't disassembled, transported hundreds of miles, then reassembled weekly by drunken carnies in the middle of the night. 
I agree with the load balancing, but that ride could of really used some better bottom supports so it wouldn't tip like that.
This was at the Spring fair in Puyallup, WA. I don't have a source, but I recall they said the cause was due to the ride being setup on overly saturated ground. Since then, I have returned to the fair and noticed the ride was setup on asphalt instead. However, during this year's fair, the ride was back on the grass. There is an ongoing joke in my family that this ride is the scariest ride at the far.
You must be new here.  *looks at stats*  Yep.
This one wasn't enclosed. Might have been the problem.
They took it around back and shot it. Once it gets a taste for human flesh there is nothing more that can be done...
Let's just say the ride FAIRED just well.....
I hope the ride gets pulled.
I'd say it pulled to the left
All my prayers to the money
No and then!
The End
Also, that act of assembling/disassembling constantly can create problems that operators are unaware of. 
I disagree still, if your in a country like United States, or Canada. The rides will get third party inspections otherwise they can't even be put on the road. Amusement operators have insurance just like any other theme park. Any regular carnival will do regular safety checks, its a liability for them just as much as anyone else. Maybe in a country that doesn't follow regulations it can be a safety issue, but I can guarantee you that your risk is the same on a carnival ride vs theme park ride in most places.
When you are taking something apart and putting it together week after week, things break down, people dont bother replacing them. Then shit like this happens. 
I literally just explained in another post how theme park rides, and portable rides are built differently. 
congrats on your reddit life, your parents will br proud you finally made friends
I think thats vampires
It was already a round ride, back and front.
The only thing bad about your pun is the caps and quotes.
It's a fun ride, I've been on something just like it. Accidents like this are extreme flukes, I would just hope rider safety in the future is taken more seriously.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and the money. 
I would say its more on lack of care of the ride. Most carnival rides are built to come apart, for example chance manufacturing a company that builds rides usually has park models, and portable models. The portables are usually built on a trailer and have a few different safety features to ensure they can operate on the move.Here is a portable modelhttp://www.chancerides.com/rides/images/freestyle_pp_specsheet.pdftheme park modelhttp://www.chancerides.com/rides/images/freestyle_park_specsheet.pdf
My parents are dead.
Probably true for both,  I doubt a carnival ride cares if it's eating humans or vampires. 
the 19 upvotes really disappointed me
The portable model is getting the hug of death rn. (actually the whole site is timing out for me*) Thanks this stuff is interesting.
fucking rekt, checkmate
good they deserved it hopefully you do yourself the favorite next it would help anyone in your life if you did
You must be fun at parties.
You're hella gay. Like legit closet homosexual. People can tell you're projecting 
He's a fungi
what the fuck is wrong with being gay? so what if im gay you gotta problem with that? you homophobic piece of shit
He's a parasite. 
So that's a yes?
He's a twelve year old 
im openly a faggot you seem to have a problem with that, must be a closet homofaggot
Tom.... I think that was two minutes.
I've never heard anyone claim that.In fact I don't think I've ever had a conversation about toaster settings.Maybe I've led a sheltered life?
Idk why I liked that video so much but I did
Never heard anybody specifically say they thought those were minutes. I did have a silly argument once with somebody though. She thought that the toaster always stayed down for the same amount of time, and at higher settings it just applied more heat.
My Toaster only has two settings, bread and charcoal.
lol I like this guys videos .. kinda funny that the good one did hit 2 minutes 
Do people really think they are going to toast bread for 7+ minutes?
People use these dials? I always just turned it on whatever number was in the middle and then watched whatever I was toasting to make sure it didn't burn; then manually pop that bitch.
I set the toaster to threeee, medium brown.
Ive never thought that number to be representative of time. I always think about it in terms of color, 1 being lightest and 6 (highest) being the darkest.
[snopes](http://www.snopes.com/a-toaster-dial-is-for-minutes-not-level-of-toasty-ness/) article going into some detail.
This guy makes anything interesting. The one on plugs made me a plug buff
Tom's not wearing a red shirt and that makes me uncomfortable. 
I wasn't bready for this.
Just looked up toasters on Amazon. Did you know there are toasters for just under $600 on there?! 
2mins
If they have bi-metallic strips, how would that work? Wouldn't it need to cool down between toasting sessions to ensure equivalent toasting. Wouldn't that mean that your second batch of toast would be less toasted because the strip was pre-heated more?
I have that exact  office toaster. Its the tits.  There is only three of us, but in those few moments we are all toasting bread, its way nicer than it should be. 
just buy a toaster oven, it's way more versatile and you can see how toasted the bread is so you don't have to worry about the setting
I bought my parents a high end DualIt toaster. It has a clockwork timer and the numbers on the dial are indeed minutes. It is the exception rather than the rule though. 
The ending was so satisfying
I've always thought of it as time units for any cheap kitchen device.
Well, now I don't know what to believe.
I wish my toaster had numbers :(
None of them seam like they sink low enough
I was toasting a bagel this morning and while I waited I thought to myself I should buy a better toaster.
I was expecting them all to pop up at exactly 2 minutes.
It's so weird seeing Ignis before Final Fantasy XV.
Since when in the heck did the number mean minutes.  I thought they were simply time settings from 1-10.  1 being shortest 10 being longest and burning everything into a nice black rock.
I had an extremely sheltered roommate that believed the heat dials on an oven were minutes...oh boy.
I used to have a toaster with a lever that moved left to right and a colour swatch on it to tell you just how brown your toast would be. True story.
There's probably been more discussions about toasters BECAUSE of this video than ever in all of time combined before it.
[My toaster](https://imgur.com/a/L97Mu), a Toastmaster 1BB4 from 1934. Solid steel. Toasts to perfection within 30s. Sounds a lot like a bomb actually (it ticks faster and faster the closer it gets to being done), but I've found that the toast it makes is better than any other toaster I've tried. I guess they just don't make them like they used to.Oh, it's also lined with asbestos, but I don't think that will cause any health issues... right?
I never thought the numbers on the dials meant minutes. I always viewed it as some guide of how much you want your bread toasted. 1 being not toasted at all and 10 being your smoke alarm is 100% guaranteed to go off. 
my toaster set on 2 would give 10 different times if tested 10 times
So... in conclusion?
He annoy's me. It's his face, I'm sure of it. His face doesn't match his voice, and I hate watching him, which is why I never do even though I know his videos are good.
I can't tell if that guy is 40 or 17.
Ok, as interesting as toast is, can we please discuss how the breaker wasn't tripped running that many toasters at once? Something isn't adding up here.
You can actually tell how old this video is by looking at the ASDA toaster.
r/toasterrights welcomes all.
Mine goes to 11
If I started that many toasters, I'd have an anxiety attack trying to brace myself for the inevitable jumpsca...#FUCK
I was hoping they would all pop up at 2 minutes 
why does the bread stick out the top this makes me fucking angry
I always will upvote Tom Scott. I don't even know why but everything he does is so entertaining.
You can take it as an advertisement either.
standardize your variables and try again
Never thought watching a toaster would get my heart racing
Yeah toast!https://youtu.be/kWgKcbeqUhY
Looks like a young u/Siracusa...
That setting is pointless. If it doesn't change colors, it's not toasted. Any one that eats it like that isn't eating toast, they're just eating warm bread.
i don't know what you are talking about ... it was 1:59.9 minutes.
The dial is for browning levels, not time.  He needs to increment the dials and rate browning levels for a proper comparison.Edit: Spelling
If it was set to 1 it probably wouldnt have popped up at exactly 1 minute
He's such a nerd
No one cares about the amount of bread Tom just wasted I guess. 
Doesn't the dial change the resistance on the wires and hence the heat that the resistors release?
Why in general there is this dry bread??? It is unhealthy and causes obesity and isn't acquired by an organism! Absolutely not the necessary thing in the house!
Your subtitles ruined it all. 
No explanation of what the numbers actually signify then?
All those plugged into 1 outlet or 2 from the same breaker sounds dangerous and/or could limit the current and may skew the results. 
Why are toasters such a common thing? The broiler on your oven works pretty well with just a tiny bit more work.EDIT: Y'all must have roomy-ass kitchens to be able to afford the counter space for such a worthless device.EDIT2: Also, why the downvotes? I feel like I'm opening up a valid and important discussion here.
That's numberwang!
Holy shit, I saw that part too!!!
Worst thing to hear after sex.Especially if your name is not Tom.
What video is that from? 
Tom...are we the baddies?
Video is from December 2014, maybe something kicked up around then.
the memes of 2017 are much more advanced. There's a meme in the white house! To go back to a simpler time of toast memes 
You should join us at /r/toasterfreaks we have heated discussions about toasters.
I actually saw someone on reddit claim this pretty recently. I don't have a link or anything, and I'm not gonna search for one, so you'll just have to believe me.
No, you havent heard it before because the real question isnt about toasters.The real question is what the numbers on the dial in the fridge means? Is higher number colder or warmer?????
My friend used to set the toaster to 5 because he thought it was a power knob and therefore the toast would get done faster
I've never heard anyone claim it either. So I just ask people. I asked my brother and cousins after watching the video and they all said it's the number of minutes. So I showed them this video!
Yeah, the only place I've ever heard that was here on Reddit.
probly toast fetish
Tom Scott is an extremely watchable youtube channel.
Tom Scott is just an insanely fascinating presenter. His videos are all that interesting and well done. I always loved his explanations of why time zones are such a nightmare for developers (and I frequently use it and his video on SQL injection as a crash course for newer devs) https://youtu.be/-5wpm-gesOY
Cuz he guaranteed that none would pop at 2 minutes. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHptn_3RyYE
Umm does it not work like that? I assumed the higher numbers just gave it more power
I mean it's a 2 year old video. Presumably these rumours would have gone around December 2014.
I don't know about you, but mine changes its mind every day. Some days 2 gives me bread, and I have to put it back in to get toast, and some days 2 gives me charcoal and almost burns my house down.I need a new toaster
Literally the top youtube comment mate.
I never use the timer. I just gauge by toastyness and put it on the highest
And they're the same setting.
Of course.  All turny button things lie! https://youtu.be/2_-SkRA6AjM
I like my bagel crispy.
maybe not a single piece of bread, but a grilled cheese?
This one goes to eleven
Some of us don't like toasting to be a full time job.  Need flexibility to make the eggs, bacon and coffee while the toast toasts.  And my toaster keeps the toast in the machine even after it's done so it stays warm for when you get back to it.
you're the sort of person who leaves time on the microwave, aren't you.
Then I put an onion on my belt, which was the style at the time.
My toaster actually has a timer on it though, and it counts down from the time you set it to on the dial.
Pretty bad article tbh, poor understanding of electronict by the one making it. They could literally have taken their toasting machine, put it on 2, toast, put it on 4, toast, 2 will likely pop before 2 minutes, debunking the dial means minutes, but if 4 is longer than 2 minutes, then you know it's still about time.
It's for gourmet artisan toast.
I was thinking the same thing, appliances can keep track of time without fancy timers, electricity in the US is 60 hertz, by keeping track of the alternating current even cheap appliances can keep track of time
Yes. Try putting one down immediately after it pops upI remember as a kid ours would freak out and start sounding like it was shooting sparks at you if you tried too soon. Otherwise would just pop up in ten seconds
Not to mention most toaster ovens do in fact have timers and heat controls on them for more precise toasting than your average toaster.
Yes, was looking for this. I've repaired a few of them throughout the years and while they are shitty, expensive designer toasters they do have timers in them.
Which other toasters have you tried? I've seen some very nice toasters that work amazingly and probably make better toast 
Some toaster settings might correspond to minutes (expensive toasters), but the majority simply correspond to an arbitrary amount of time 
Office breakers might be a bit heavier
It's not pointless, it's for when you didn't set it high enough initially and want to give t just a bit more time.And sometimes, all you want is warm bread.  Nice homemade/bakery bread tastes better to me a bit warmed up than it does fully toasted.
They brown longer because they're in longer... The dials are for time, but only at unspecified intervals.
no u
A funeral was held
Nope, it changes the time the bread is toasted on an arbitrary scale. 
Turn them off then. The video itself doesn't have subtitles in it, it's a youtube feature. 
Absolutely this. Didn't see a single one pop and that's the true travesty of this video.
...that's explicitly stated at [0:53](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN_PK5pXmIY&feature=youtu.be#t=0m53s)
They signify time, just not minutes 
Typical toasters draw about 800 Watts. Let's say the one to the right goes higher, double that. If plugged in to one breaker (16 A / 240 V) the breaker would trip (4000 Watts is more then enough to trip it), no danger there. If they are plugged in to separate outlets, also no problem there.    Only somewhat possible mishap can be extensions cords not rated for 16A, but even then 2400 Watt <2 minutes wouldn't be a problem, though not advisable.
you don't really know what youre talking about mr... The circuit breaker does not bottleneck the current or voltage lol. 
You suck at parties don't you 
I store a lot of kitchen stuff in my oven while it's off. Also, wouldn't using a big oven for a slice of bread be much less efficient than using a simple toaster?
Are you serious?  More work to flip and quite a lot more energy draw.  I've not timed it,  but I would imagine it would take longer too. 
It would be one side toast one bread without flipping it.  Lot less energy waste in a toaster if you have an electric oven too  
I'm not going to use an oven to broil a single slice of bread on both sides. 
Let's rotate the toast!
Dear God, don't make me go binge the numberwang videos again.
So, Julie, do any singing up there in Anglesey?Yes.Simon?*No no no.**I do no singing**...in Anglesey.**Why would I sing?**For can't you see?**IIIII cannot sing!*
OH NO! COLOSSON HAS ESCAPED!
Link?
I didn't. I closed it and came to the comments. If not for his comment I would never have known.
[here is the video.](https://youtu.be/gN_PK5pXmIY?t=1m57s)
We've got little toasts on our hats. I mean why toasts? 
I guess the big Xmas 2014 toaster events passed me by
There was in fact a meme floating around at the time of this video pertaining to toaster times.
The real question is how long until toast is twisted into a far right meme
Toaster Ovens are better than Toasters
I can only imagine the grilling I'd get there 
What the fuck? It's set to private? Of all subs to be set to private lmao
heh
>  we have heated discussions about toastersHeated on both sides, or just on one side, like with the bagel setting?
My experience with toasters have been that the dial is for time and the heating is constant though. I have gotten into arguments with people about it, and someone did reply this video to me.While the numbers haven't been for minutes, I believe most toasters I've used have had their dials be for time.
I trust you.
Asking the questions that matter
/r/toast
Cut a hole in the center and apply some butter and you're having a good night. 
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=yS0AB8c5VXM
Afraid not 
It's much easier (read: cheaper) to change duration than to change the heat output of the toaster. Power reduction circuitry is expensive!
Well, it doesn't give it more power, but there is some truth to the more heat part. The longer it's on, the hotter the wires get. So it's not necessarily linear. Toasting for 20 seconds isn't the same as toasting for 10 seconds twice. It's quite likely that doubling the heat from 10 seconds is actually achieved in 12 seconds.
Toaster ovens (and therefor the toaster half) do indeed work like that. You select an actual heat.
As explained in the video most toasters use a bimetal strip which acts as a timer.  The further you turn the dial the longer it stays hot. The number on the dial is practically meaningless.  Even if it was familiar (eg. indicated minutes) it would still be pretty useless without knowing how many minutes each type of bread needed.
If you already made toast once it is still hot and will pop up too early
Hmm could it be something to do with how dry your bread is?  Or the temperature of the metal inside the toaster.
It's a bot. They only comment in /r/videos and all their comments are copied from youtube.
That'll be a terrible mess in a toaster. 
The first rule in a kitchen is not to walk away from your food.
Are you sure that's not a microwave.
I have the same one, a fairly old stainless steel one. It ticks down like an old microwave. Fairly sure it actually does do it in minutes.
I think Snopes is just 2 people so gotta cut them some slack they need a team and to spend some serious effort investigating to step up their credibility
how does not doing an experiment make you poor at understanding electronics?were you high when you wrote this? because, your, logic and punctuation, is, just, well, awful.
Admittedly not too many. Just the standard fare you see in other people's homes, dorms, hotels etc. The toast either snaps in two or is just mildly-warmed bread. Whereas my toaster always manages to crisp the outside while leaving the inside moist.There's probably better toasters out there. I'm pretty darn happy with my 80 year old one.
The dial is for browning, thus the unspecified time.  There are industry standards specifying this, i.e. IEC 60442.
False, see http://www.snopes.com/a-toaster-dial-is-for-minutes-not-level-of-toasty-ness/Alternately, provide your engineering proof the dial is for time.
T T T Toasteeeeed
The true travesty is you don't know how to turn off subtitles.
yes
Except this is in the UK, and don't they still have the single-loop system with 13A fuses in the plugs?
Group me with 99% of reddit. 
We're watching a video trying to disprove that the toast dials work in minutes; we all suck at parties
I suppose I mean efficient in the sense of counter space and owning things, not necessarily in terms of energy. Also, you don't need to preheat to use the broiler so, just turn the element on, toast, turn it off. Also, I don't think you're supposed to store things in your broiler...Fair points, though.
Wangernumb!
>videosThat's a indeterminate plural and so it's Numberwang!
[What about the less popular spin off?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCHktd1VrGY) And you can always play at [Home.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swV3E3HPQC4)
https://youtu.be/gN_PK5pXmIY
Thanks! 
Let's be honest, who wouldn't be at least a little excited about a new toaster?
That was a crazy time for memes.
i'm sure the libtards will find a way to make undercooked toast a symptom of the patriarchy/oppression/white males. LOL! 
Sounds right to me, if someone asked me to build a cheap toaster that is how I'd build it. Regulating the time is much cheaper and easier than regulating the heat. Certainly this video doesn't disprove it.
...What if I told you I had a toaster that did that. 
Hey, aren't you that string that was in here earlier?
variable resistors are expensive?
When you think about it, the bimetal strip is really a pretty clever way to get repeatable results, even though it's hardly accurate at all.  But 1) adjusting a timer or 2) adjusting power over a fixed time to control toastiness would result in either the first bread being underdone or the last batch overdone.The most accurate method would be to scan the surface of the bread with an infrared thermometer and have a microcontroller decide when to pop the toast when it reaches it's desired toastiness.
I dont think the longer it's on the hotter it gets. I think it would reach max temp pretty quickly.
The number on the dial is a reference point with no units. Not useless, just misleading. It would make the most sense to use letters rather than numbers in that case, but probably would confuse the general toast-maker.
Is it not at least indicative of what fraction of the maximum duration your toaster can toast? That's helpful to an extent. Microwaves have power settings, many of which are expressed in watts but others still in comparative adjectives, none of which mean anything in isolation, but which from experience and trial and error are a useful guide.
Old stupid joke
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51IN5k-SlRL._SY300_.jpg
Dunno why your toasters in the bathroom mate, mines next to the stove 
TIL slow-cookers are an extreme hazard.
That's not the first rule, or even a rule.What the fuck?
Why is your toaster not in the kitchen? 
Lol you bullshitter you made this shit up.  Maybe don't walk away from something you're frying or searing or what not, but many cooking methods don't require personal attention (roasting, baking, stewing, boiling, etc.).
Yeah, except when slow cooking, or baking, or boiling, or even making something in a machine that's specifically designed to work semi-autonomously. Like a toaster. Really, there's so many exceptions to your rule that I am starting to doubt it's actually the first rule in a kitchen. Or any rule, for that matter.
Is bread not supposed to spin around in the toaster?
Wait... two random dudes is who we've been entrusting with the veracity of our political discussions? 
Yea. I mean you probably just tried the type of toasters most people just get and don't really care about. Those are readily available and made to be cheap and simple, not do anything very high quality. I'm sure if you looked for a nice modern one you would see an improvement, but why would you when you have a perfectly good working vintage one 
>snopes>engineering proofYou might want to actually provide some evidence aswell mate 
It's not for minutes, it's for an arbitrary amount of time that varies from toaster to toaster.  You could argue that arbitrary time and color is the same thing, however when you take into account that different things toast at different speeds (english muffin, bagel, frozen waffle, bread, poptart), it makes more sense to just understand that 1 means it's only in there briefly and the highest number is in there longer
Not in the setting he is in, some office building by the looks op it. You nee to find a really old and not modernized house to find a single-loop system still in use in this day and age.
I'll drink to that
> Also, I don't think you're supposed to store things in your broiler...See, my trick is, I don't turn it on while things are stored inside. Empty ovens are such a waste of space!
> Also, I don't think you're supposed to store things in your broiler...Yeah but the bottom drawer is actually [a warming tray](https://i.imgur.com/y26yQO2.jpg) but everyone stores pans and things in it. 
can someone post a link where it fast forwards to the time where he says it?
[Maybe a talking toaster](https://youtu.be/LRq_SAuQDec) 
I know right, damned snowflakes /s
Wait, did the internet change, or am I suddenly getting high quality emojis
I would request a peer reviewed article showing the intricacies of your toaster as a case study. Preferably in prestigious journal such as J. of Toast Phys.
At certain settings, you'd nearly double the power draw (and heat output) of the toaster relative to a timer-based solution.
Ones that can dissipate several hundred watts are.
So basically instead of glowing wires you want lesser glowing wires and an extra glowing resistor? Cause that's what you would get.
Think a 230V dimmer vs radiator knob. Basically 600% more money for something that would have several settings of sad bread.
Hmm, my gut is the only thing telling me that's not necessarily true (as opposed to something more qualifying like a science degree), so it's possible.
I've worked as a cook in restaurants for the past 12 years, this is what was taught to me and what I teach all newcomers, but you probably know more about it than I do. 
Not two random dudes, a husband and wife. Who are going through a messy divorce, with allegations of embezzlement and I think the husband is now with a stripper/escort. Messy indeed.
Proof 1: http://www.madehow.com/Volume-7/Toaster.htmlProof 2: https://books.google.com/books?id=u5uaBAAAQBAJ&pg=PA144&lpg=PA144&dq=toaster+thermostat+design&source=bl&ots=WqMMpWI_lS&sig=Qf1wTLm4zYItkeQBVINjHYwpdrY&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiyicnLronSAhVM_WMKHW3oD_g4ChDoAQhJMAg#v=onepage&q=toaster%20thermostat%20design&f=false
Ah, okay. I don't actually know a lot about the UK system, just that it used to be like that.
I see. My bottom drawer is open to the oven so if you ever use the oven, the stuff in the tray is going to get super heated over and over again.
just watch the video it's two minutes ffs
I'm still sad that people legit think Pepe is only an alt right thing :(
it's because Trump made america GREAT AGAIN!!! 
I think Chrome recently added them, I've been noticing it for a week or two now.Also [Because Tom Scott and Emoji's in the same thread](https://youtu.be/5OPkGQoPeHk)
The *New England* Journal of Toast Physics, if you please. Some of us have standards.
And at lower settings you'd get dry bread, and at higher settings toasty bread.
I know enough to not be foolish enough to equate home cooking to working in a restaurant kitchen. Especially not within earshot of a *real* professional cook.
Link to video? 
Got any rare pepes for sale? I can send you liters of fermented urine in old mtn dew bottles 
Ditto
He made emojis great again. He did, its true
One can only dream
I got a screenshot of it for you http://imgur.com/gallery/R390EId
Listen up Tendie McNeckbeard, my rare pepes are worth more than your stale piss. Get real 
This was mad quality 
So British Adam ruins everything french? I'm in.
So this seems like really high production values, for short videos that don't even break 1 million views. So that's not many views, and not many ads, meaning a lower CPM.I assume to do this, they're making money somehow, so where is their cost break?Actually very cheap production that looks great? Some other revenue source?I mean, between cameras, sets, extras, multiple locations, editing etc., there's a lot of hours involved.
For the non French watchers (most of you :D ), the part with the two mid-aged French guys is a clin d'oeil, they were part of a famous show from the nineties called Camra Caf, it was a pretty funny satire on coffee break in French offices. It lasted for years.Otherwise, great videos as always. The rythm is on point. 
>They were quicker when deciding about Brexit.Holy fucking shit.
In support of the video's claims: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjmiap-uXug
I don't speak French, but to my ear that Brit's accent sounds fuckin' on point.Can any native speakers confirm?  Are there any giveaway mispronunciations? 
Can confirm, am French. Calling it a *caf crme* is mostly a Paris thing. They call it *caf au lait* in the rest of FranceSubsequently, order a *crme* anywhere outside of Paris and they'll call you out (and spit in your coffee probably)
I mean... it's nice, but does he have to be shouting all the time?
Upvoted for yvan le bolloc'h
Go to a Cafe in Paris, sit at the terrasse, order an espresso. Stay for 6 hours.
Camra Caf... a date bordel !
Just watched his video about working time where it says they only work 35 hours. Uh, fuck you. In America, it's awful getting only 2 weeks vacation and working 40 hours a week. It's not lazy. They're just fucking smart. I wish our hours were like France.
LMFAO, remembers me how welcoming are people in Paris.
Rest of the world isn't much better. After years of complaining about what they do to coffee in Korea and Japan, I went back to North America and found a lot of the same trends. 
[Bonjour!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUjGf2Grrus&app=desktop)
The one [about cheese is also good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjkGdSiQo0A)
VOLUME + CONFIDENCE = COMEDY!
I'm French (Canadian) and loved this. It's not on that youtube but one of his other video came up on the frontpage a year or so ago. The one about 'La Bise' (Kissing cheeks). My fiancee is American, so I had to tell myself not to kiss her family, but it was an automatic reflex with her mom and and grandma.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-VWbV6TJxUP.S. This other video. Wow! I experienced that first hand when I was in grade 6 (2 years into attending English school) and we were in religion/ethics class and the teacher asked what is the most important thing in life and a fellow French classmate shouted out Happiness, but accidentally dropped the H. I couldn't stop laughing for 10 minutes because I was wondering why no one was shocked by his answer. I had to get excused out of the class towards the end. I couldn't really explain to others what I had heard.Also had a sub math teacher who would say third as turd. Kids would tease him a lot.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzJWugjchhQ
well he's got a new subscriber...impressed with that.
I like to think that I'm pretty good at French for my grade, and then I hear people talking super fast and my soul splits in two 
At least in New England we don't gussy up all those coffees with stupid names. You just go into Dunkin Donuts and shout Give me a lahj hot with 12 milks and 16 sugars.
I'm british living in france for about 24 years and i can't agree more with him, all the videos are right on point. 
Coffee is Middle Eastern, not Italian.
That's how well I want to be shouting all the time?
Coffee is most definitely not italian, North African
Watching this made me feel like i was on ritalin.
why do parisians say whe instead of wee for oui ?? I have noticed this trend for years
Loud, annoying twat.
This was really well done. can confirm on coffee during brain surgery (neurosurgery nurse). If someone asks anyone wants coffee we all do.
yah great though 
Ask most italians about spaghetti Carbonara made in France into hipster fads in the US.
Does anyone know what the song is in the first couple seconds? It sounds wonderful. Or if anyone could transliterate so I can google the lyrics, that works too. Would be much appreciated :)
isn't coffee taken seriously in france? like coffee on the go isn't a thing. you must sit and enjoy it. I live in washington where there are little drive thru coffee stands everywhere. I live in a small rural town of less than 10,000 people and I'm not shitting you there are at least six different espresso stands here. not a starbucks for miles though. 
Y'a que les parisiens, qui disent Crme
This is basically adam ruins everything
shit - this is awesome.  Is this guy writing this or is there a bigger production team involved? 
Is this a rip off of Adam Ruins Everything? Looks way too similar to be a coincidence.
His French is fucking perfect
Thanks a lot. Spent 30 minutes watching his other videos.. Pretty funny.. 
Is this a rehash of adam ruins everything?
This was mad quality Yea, but it's shit.
*Caf crme* does have cream in it... If you only want milk, you'll ask for a *caf noisette* or *caf au lait*. If the waiter starts nagging you about *caf au lait* not being with milk, just tell him to fuck off and walk away.However I agree that coffee adverts are completely ridiculous.
And he didn't even mention the Expresso.
So basically, Adam Ruins Everything?
I didn't really care for the topic, but this video is so well made! It kind of reminds me of the Adam Ruins Everything-series. Keep up the good work :D
The content is right where it should be!
LOL
Camra Caf tv show was the pinnacle of French Comedy Engineering, along with Kaamelott.Also as a French, I'm confirming that we're literally abusing the coffee here, it's spectacular.
Coffee is one thing that I should be striving for.
oh yeah English dont know the world of coffee. I was in italy toscane and an old english couple came to me to chat. We were in a coffee shop. he recognised me from the day before in an other small town so we were both on a similar itinerary. Then he asks me how come when ever he ask for a coffee they give his this tiny cup but im drinking from this normal sized mug. Apparently he has lived a full life and now with grey hairs and never tried espresso, and me i was just a 20 something from canada.
It is and it isn't. Depending on the length of the case and what's going on, sometimes you just need a break. There's always a physician and a nurse in the room at all times. We're human. we all have to pee, drink, grab a snack, etc. especially when we've been operating since 7a and it's now 3p and you haven't eaten or done anything since you've started. If you work at a desk, try just eating a quick breakfast, and then sit at your desk with no food or drink for 7-8 hours. No standing up. No reddit, just focus on your work. Then take 15 minutes to have a packet of m&ms, a coffee, and go to the bathroom and repeat.Pretty good simulation of our day lol.
I wonder if his Ho-ho! laugh being translated to Putain! was intentional?
wtf is the right term for this
He sounds like one of the lads from The Midnight Beast
Smoking is terrible for you but it used to be fun drinking coffee and smoking cigs back when you could smoke inside.The south park guys made it a habit of [the goth kids](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/8e/67/b1/8e67b191e8b3e9ff20ad325d929ef0a0.jpg).
I like that the comments are mostly by French people.
As a french - english bilingual, the constant language change got me confused
Could easily make a series on UK spying.
Is this the same guy who was moaning about the french greeting kiss?
Do they make videos for people without ADHD anymore? What a cacophony.
I wonder if he'll do an episode on the French's deal with numbers over 70.
What the fuck France - Les Etrangers
My favorite of the series is the one on the language. as a university student learning french, it was very relatable. 
Produced for viewers with ADD. 
Instantly my new favorite youtube channel.
This man will die if he ever visits Melbourne.
The guy on the right in the tv screen looks like older, French Nathan Fillion
this guy is creative. he makes good videos. i shall reward him with my vote.
The worst part of it all? In my experiences through France the coffee is actually quite terrible. There is no focus at all on quality. I tried many times across a few years and I was unable to find good coffee there. We resorted to Starbucks :(Edit: Folks, I was not talking about French vs American coffee. I am talking legit shots of espresso... a cafe. Compared to what I can get in america I couldn't find a good shot of espresso in France.
I'm way too drunk fort his, not fair..
Does he have Tourette's? Aren't those clicks or whatever at 31 seconds?
France is the hipster of Europe
So what I got from this is that France is an abomination and should not exist 
The subtitles were pretty annoying 
Someone got really pissed at the way the French call coffee and advertise it. If this would be a feminist, people would be making triggered memes.
Only thing annoying about this video is how the subtitles work and both the audio and subtitles switching languages constantly.  Guy talking in English?  French subtitles.  Talking in French?  English subtitles.  Two guys talking at each other in different languages?  Have fun flipping between listening and reading.  Really aggravating.
[kinda reminds me of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u44nj0ckVRc)edit, at 3:26 it says precarious, supposed to be promiscuous. 
And, as a french person, mad accurate.
peng. top.
Because it's produced in France by CANAL+ :)
Production:content ratio was way out of whack.  It just seemed to be you guys drink so much coffee!
For serious. How the fuck do they make money on these videos?  That must cost a fortune to make.
Yeah even the cut scenes, editing, dudes face are identical to Adam ruins everything 
Except its not pretentious! 
And similar to the American guy living in Japan, shouting WHY JAPANESE PEOPLE?! in variety shows.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u44nj0ckVRc
As an American in Germany I know what kind of channel I want to see now...
Gives interesting insight into culture without making you learn language or spend hours.I do not appreciate that righteous feeling tho. It's similarly cringeworthy when Joe went to Germany to say heil hitler or just was so obnoxious in France. He wasn't rude because he tried to be funny, but because he was genuinely ignorant/uninformed, etc.
Yeah, he's really taken some er 'inspiration' from Adam ruins everything. Identical. 
well it's part of canal+, even if he does his own thing i'm sure he has a very nice budget
His videos are produced by Canal+, the biggest subscription-only TV channel in France, for TV and web. 
And two very big stars of a TV comedy that took place at a coffee machine  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0296318/
As other mentioned, it belongs to Canal +, the... Big thing on the TV in France. (Also the owner of Canal + is a shady motherfucker who uses slaves in his African plantations but that's another story)
The guy does stand up in Paris and is very popular, he fills concert halls. And like'people say, it's brand recognition for Canal+
They made a Making of video, where you can see it's pretty professional.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQZZgmNID48&
> Actually very cheap production that looks great?Yes... lot of cool tricks in this, not any expensive ones
Might just be an investment. Lose money now but make it back once the channel has grown
Higher* CPM
who gives a shit if it makes money? not everything is about another dollar.
It's the definition of trying too hard
State sponsored propaganda to get post brexit Brit youth to move to Paris... hi, I'm British I live in Paris now...
Also, not all coffee places have a 5pm rule. Usually it's meant only for tables, to leave them for people ordering dinner (Cafe-restaurant). Usually french people tend to stay very long. You can still order coffee at the bar.
>It lasted for years.And every second of it was great.Camra Caf, le pinnacle de l'humour Franais, et Kaamelott aussi.
> Camra CafYou just blew my mind. We had the same show in Italy in the early '00s.
camera caf wasn't from the nineties  but 2000's
I love their shorts. I loved un ga une fils also. They seem to have life span of about 4 years before they change it up. Nice little 1 min skit between breaks. 
There's also a Quebec version of that show. It's obnoxious but it was pretty popular
Ahhh okay. I sensed that I was supposed to get a reference/recognize something there, but didn't have the context.Great video either way. Except for his point at the end calling bullshit on people who say they're more productive with coffee. Yes it's annoying when people say this, but he seemed to suggest the effect in general was BS. I definitely work better with caffeine.
Je adore le petit pois, je detest Francais. That's my French to its limit. 
Sauvage.
Although Brexit was quite literally 40 years in the making. 
Original: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGtKGX8B9hU
Not particularly, (although it's hard to say since he doesn't actually say that much) but I've seen a few other videos of his and I'd say it's a pretty good accent! There's still a slight tinge of foreignness, but no glaring mispronunciations.
I'd need to hear him talk for longer than that, but based on this and his other videos, it's pretty fucking good. I'm impressed.
His video about french language:https://youtu.be/pz0XgAKR9Oc?t=40Timestamped at the part where he is talking in french and saying he does have a very small accent, but so small that people aren't sure if he is french or not. He is right on that.
pronunciation is really good, but his accent gives him away. The guys spent 12 years in France fyi 
Really good actually. Really great prononciation with a slight foreign accent. 
French here, I can confirm, it's pretty good from what I could hear, but he didn't talk much.
Yeah. No accent, but it's hard to tell as he speaks only few seconds. 
He really sound like a french when he speak french
How do I order a soy latt? 
And what if I really want a coffee with cream in it? (Ici au Qubec je demande toujours un grand caf, 2 crmes  notre cher Tim Horton).
Yeah I don't get how people still don't understand this, especially the English punk in the video: Parisians are not French.*edit: Your downvotes do nothing to me. My French press is hot and my milk is frothy, I am untouchable.
Oui, it's probably because he hasn't had his coffee yet.
Oh, I thought you were trying to say yvan eht nioj but in french...
Please tell me his name is pronounced bollock
Or be really adventurous and split it between two places at three hours each. I called that a 'busy day.'
this sounds fantastic!
Tellement de larmes de rire ont coul devant cette merde, tu te souviens de Kaamelott?
I get one week after a year of work.
I live in the UK and only work 35 hours. Also get 5 weeks holiday, and 8 bank holidays. Pretty sweet. 
As a hard working American, I start having anxiety attacks when I work less than 40 hours a week.
A lot of people are working more than 35h... (5 weeks of holidays is the minimum for a full time job though :)
Yea but the downside is the job market is not as fluent and look at the unemployment rate. damned if you do, damned if you don't.  :( 
Coucou !
But we have great cheese in the UK too. Did he just not eat cheese growing up or something? 
You must be shit at recognizing context, because much of what was funny was the context. Either that, or you're too eager to make low-effort jokes.
What the fuck, comedy!
>I'm French (Canadian)^(So... not French)Also, as a germaphobe: **FUCK. THAT. SHIT.**  All of it.  Right up its ass.
That's because it's fucking 16 milks and 12 sugars you non english speaking fuck. #westcoast :)
if you mean Ouais... It's not specifique to parisians. You can hear it everywhere in France. It's like the Yeah in english for yes.
[Ouais](https://forum.wordreference.com/threads/oui-ouais.2165590/)
>can confirm on coffee during brain surgeryIsn't that a major faux pas or only for the guy(s) actually wielding the blades?
[Voil](https://fr.audionetwork.com/browse/m/track/mon-ch%C3%A9ri_118272)!
I couldn't find any song, maybe they made it themself idk, however it translates to : My dear I ask you, do not make me sad my friend. (friend and dear refering to the same man, her lover)edit*: bien jou mickey =)
As said in the top posts, it's part of the biggest subscription TV channel. His very first video was made by him and friends, then he sold the concept to Canal+ and they made a lot more. His channel has many other similar videos on other topics. More or less on point if you think about young adults in Paris.
It's here to replace the fucking in I'm glad you fucking asked!, because putting it in the middle of the sentence doesn't really work in french.
Most likely something you enjoy very frequently in a certain way will feel quite weird and awful because it's done a different way, especially if you weren't expecting it.Ask most French people about american coffee and they will say the same thing.Ask most italians about spaghetti Carbonara made in France and they will say the same thing.The list goes on.
I have to say I entirely disagree. Coffee is one thing that I know, no matter which establishment I chose to go to here, will be good. American coffee tastes either of water, sugar, or is burnt. 
Starbucks is one of the only reliable places to get a good cup of strong coffee anywhere. Portland, OR, included. People leap at the chance to hate on them, but why? Because they consistently sell strong coffee without a pile of grinds at the bottom of the cup or without it tasting like it was filtered through crystallized cat piss? 
Or perhaps US hipsters have adopted French mainstream behaviour, turning normal trends in France into hipster fads in the US. The caf culture dates back to the early 19th century.
It's called culture, you should try it sometime
Are you British?
> If this would be a feminist people would be making triggered memes.http://i.imgur.com/FH47oDH.gifIt's a comedy skit about French coffee, it's harmless banter, why/how are you bringing feminism and whatnot into this? You seem to be taking this a little too seriously.
Its almost as if the subtitles were meant to be seen by French speaking people and English speaking people, so that both can understand the other language.
Seems like a good compromise so both languages can understand what's being said.
His name's Potato?
[So I am Confusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5nt9ZDOiSc)
[There's a version of this on this channel](https://youtu.be/pz0XgAKR9Oc)
That was fantastic 
I don't speak Japanese, but precarious makes sense. He's implying that with a woman on a table, starting something would be precarious because they're on a table. 
Japanese TV gives me such a fuckin headache
Ima slide out those DMs and hit you here, I cope to one day steal the heart and hand of Keira Knightley. 
what
I thought it was him!
I'm old enough to remember that Adam Ruins Everything copied Beakman's World editing format.
i don't know about pretentious, but it's certainly incorrect or misleading too often.
It still seemed a little pretentious, but with a healthy dose of British self deprecation.
Cringe
As an American in Germany who owns a YouTube channel, why not do that yourself? :D
wow, super interesting! was def surprised to see how highly produced this was
Yeah Canal+ makes some really good quality videos. I loved their Bref series
What's their name?
No.
Calm down.
Canal+, the TV network producing those shorts, is not state-owed, you conspiracy-peddling muppet. 
ah, that makes sense.  A few of the American cafes I've been to have a similar no laptops after 5pm rule because our lingerers are the writing my novel in public types.
Thank you! I've always loosely heard the rule not to order coffee later on but never realized this was the context.
>Camra Caf, le pinnacle de l'humour Franais, I can understand that, and I don't even speak French!
Rabbi Jacob, Diner de Cons... Mais bon perso c'est vrai que pour moi Kaamelott c'est #1. 
Bref.
Quebec also had their own version of Camra Caf.
Also Spain and it was great!
>Un gars une fille.
It was terrible. Good comedians but really bad humor. But then again it was V Tl, you can't ask too much. 
[deleted]
Always make me think of thishttps://youtu.be/fhdCslFcKFU
Merci! My link has English subtitle, might be useful for some people.
classic futureshorts. I used to love this channel; they had some really interesting short films and solid music videos. I think they turned me on to Gotye and a few others back in the day.
Interesting and catchy, nice
That's how well I want to be able to speak French...what you said about his accent, to me, would be the highest level of attainment in being able to speak French for a foreigner. 
Behind scenes video he's speaking French for most of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQZZgmNID48
Can I have a soy latte please? = Tuez-moi s'il vous plat.
Il faut que je quitte le territoire immdiatement! Au secours!
According to French people, no other French people are French
Alors toi tu vas te calmer direct 
Les Parisiens sont pas Franais? C'est nouveau a, j'avais presque l'impression que Paris tait la capitale.  Tu serais pas un beauf qui a les boules d'habiter en province dis moi?
Yes, he just needs a crme
H'COLLOB EL NAVY  YOU CAN SAIL THE SEVEN SEAS
It is
That's definitely how you pronounce his name. 
No, that's cause you're waiting for the fucking waiter to answer your prayers ( 
Monsieur Manatane
My work is bull. We don't get 10 days until after we've been there a year, but they allow us to borrow those days beforehand. They do this so they don't have to pay you out if you quit before a year. AND they roll it into personal time after 6 months when you DO get it so they don't have to pay you out.
Can confirm, is pretty sweet. I can also claim back every single minute I stay behind, and staying behind is entirely optional.
Sounds like you got other issues.
Well, my family (me included) is French in race and in language, and I live in Quebec, and our culture is mostly French (with obvious american influence). It's not like 200-300 years will do much to a society if you're an isolated demographic.The point is that this video speaks to me, as well as the one about the bise, or the one about cheese.p.s. I agree though. I personally think the fistbump is the best compromise between physically touching someone and not sharing saliva, hahaha.
It's actually more hygienic than shaking hands. Also, you don't do it if you're sick, just like you don't shake hands.
thanks for the info and the spelling! i guess i got the idea that only parisians say it cause it's always younger folks who have lived in paris who say it, and when I was in the countryside I asked some locals about it and they're like ONLY OUI IS CORRECT, NO ONE SAYS OUAIS haha in my head I was like ooook I hear it all the time though...
thanks man! didn't know that's how it was spelled
Surgerical subspecialty resident here (not neurosurgery)The vast majority (I would estimate over 90%) of us avoid coffee if we are doing any operations under microscopes, loupes (3+ magnification) or doing vascular work. The tremor is real and very frustrating if you're operating with sutures finer than hair. If I'm doing big open surgeries (meaning incision from pubic symphysis to the sternum), robotic cases or endoscopy (working with camereas and scoping), it doesn't bother me because the very small tremor I get doesn't hinder me.The other 10% are either bad-ass staff that can predict the tremor where it doesn't hinder them or are immune.
Thank you a lot!
https://fr.audionetwork.com/browse/m/track/mon-ch%C3%A9ri_118272 I've found it here, thanks!!!
Ask most people about American coffee and they'll say the same thing.
Yup. Swedish coffee is just as bad. Places I've been that have the best coffee are Italy, New Zealand, and Australia
Where are you getting American coffee? I find there are really good spots in almost any city in America, you just have to look for them.
Maybe we have different tastes, but Ive spent tons of time in Paris and I hate the coffee with a passion. Cafes Richard is served in 90% of the cafes it seems and is absolute garbage. Its either bitter as hell, or thin. I hate most American coffee too. 
> sugarThat's only if you buy  pre-sweetened coffee.
Caf cultures are different all over europe, it's hardly just France that has a strong caf culture.
I mean, did you not watch the fucking video? That's the whole point, France is trying to create culture from shit that already exists. It's not crme, it's caf au lait (coffee with milk).Besides, that's exactly what a hipster would say...uhhh...You don't have culture...Ooooo uhhh oooDude fuck you, I've toured Europe and France is hipster is shit
Yeah! You degrade that stranger for their lighthearted comment! Don't let them get away with it!!
> why/how are you bringing feminism and whatnot into this?insecurity
He looked pretty bummed about it.
Or they could use the youtube feature and fully subtitle the video in both languages separately so people can choose what language they want to read instead of it constantly switching.
It really isn't.  It should be integrated with youtube so people can select what subtitles they want.  So if someone only speaks one language or only wishes to read one language, they won't get confused or distracted.  Having the subtitles constantly switch languages is a lazy compromise.
not sure why there is potato in the title.his name is atsugiri Jason. atsugiri means thickly cut
Jesus crust this good 
Ahhhhhh Canal +, now I understand the high production language. Beacause Canal + is a fucking big TV channel in not only France, but most of Europe.
The exact wording was something naughty is going to happen
He says Yarashi sugiru which I think means overly erotic or something similar.
Have you calculated your chances? 
Partially from this https://youtu.be/C0_1g5FVYAc
If you haven't seen it yet, [Captain Disillusion got Beakman for an episode.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT_bTnkwLuE)
Adam ruins everything is pretentious as fuck. It has an air of you're stupid for falling for this 
Any examples of times Adam Ruins Everything was incorrect or misleading?  Genuinely curious.
But funny cringe
Yeah it's cringe, but so is their culture.
Lul, not sure I could do the french version justice.
Maybe he isn't funny.
Learning stuff.
Vincent Bollor.
> a lower CPM.Lower cost per 1000 impressions would mean that the less views they get the cheaper cost per view, which is retarded. 
They probably get 2% of their budget from the state, and therefore are 100% controlled by the state.^^^/s
obviously as a conspiracy peddling muppet, I would not rule out the state working with a tv network from their own country... 
Fuck this one, c'etait de la merde
Pretty sure it was TVA
Did it in school for 2 years 15 years ago. Chill out. 
> J**'**adore les petits pois, je d****teste le Franais
The original also has subtitles, you can enable them with the CC button.
Trace of an accent or not - it matters little. What matters in a foreign language is less how oneself can speak but how others speak with you. If they are not instinctively holding back but go full speed, using slang, mumbling as usual and are still confident that you will understand - that is the biggest compliment they can give.
lololol
Just Parisians. It's like saying New York or SF represents all of America.
C'est pas faux.
PRAISE CTHULU
Don't pray, just click your finger, call loudly *garon* and the waiter will come for you. In France we hate to have waiters coming every 5 minutes asking *how is it going, are you sure you  don't need anyhing ?*. So the waiter stay away until you call them. 
this sounds like hell!I need a cigarette, or a pack
Raise hand say l'addicion. They'll show up with the check and in 30 to 40 minutes they'll show up to accept your form of payment. I don't speak French but this tip enabled me to visit Parisian cafes for only 90 minutes rather than the full 6 hours.
[deleted]
I think ethnicity is the word you are looking for as French is most definitely not a race. 
Wait, I'm from France but I live in Quebec.. You guys drink Tim Hortons and hugs people like americans :)  I'm not sure how it can speak to you ! But I agree, Quebec culture is different from the rest of America but it's still A LOT different that the french one.
Bullshit.  You're literally rubbing your faces together.  Your face is the one thing you're supposed to *avoid* touching in order to prevent getting sick.  And most common viral infections are contagious before symptoms appear, so you can't effectively know when you're actually sick and should avoid such greetings.I can wash my hands in the nearest washroom or carry a small bottle of hand sanitizer, and avoid touching my own face until my hands are clean. 
it's ok :) Ouais is an informal word  a modification of oui wich is the formal way to say yes. we can use ouais with familly, friends, etc but not in a formal situation. Younger persons use it way more because oui sounds too formal (not cool enough)for saying yes  to friends at a certain age. I think the locals you met in the countryside probably meant that it is better to stick to the formal oui that can be used with everyone, everywhere without making any mistakes or offending anyone. 
Even most Americans I know think it's shit
or a french person
Or you could just use your fucking ears. You do understand English, right?
Cheese and rice it was better than good. 
That is the best thing I've ever watched.
he didn't invent peng man. that's been around since 2008.
It's called slang.
Bingo. 
I see what you mean, but at least he's straight to the point and lays done the facts. 
The one regarding electric vehicles comes to mind. A lot of his arguments have been debunked time and time again.
Not really
Ah yes, a TV show listing things wrong with France has always made me want to move there.  
Monsieur Manatane
You are correct.
I speak Spanish quite well. Many Spanish speakers think I have no accent and then they start going full speed ahead and I can't understand A SINGLE DAMN THING! They think, oh, no accent...let's speak all the things!!!So, yeah, you're 100% correct, now that I think about it. No matter how clean your accent is, that scenario you described is the true level of fluency that I should be striving for.
^Je ^sais, ^je ^suis ^franais, ^je ^faisais ^une ^blague ^:)
Does garon really mean boy?
*l'addition
It's the panic attacks I was referring to
Yeah. Why I wrote race with quotations as a layman term for what people understand as a demographic or ethnicity.
Yeah. No idea if this is a local thing, but I'm a Frenchie from outside of Montreal. We do the bise with the opposite sex and same sex as well if it's family. We are for sure americanized though. That's what happens when you interact with your neighbors a lot, much like France and England.Tim Hortons. Now I want some.
Well, it's [backed](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1575436/Cheeky-kiss-is-healthier-than-a-handshake.html) by [evidence](http://www.lshtm.ac.uk/pressoffice/press_releases/2007/handhygiene.html). But I guess if you're really germaphobe, you have an irrational phobia so studies won't matter much for the perception.
Or maybe have clean friends instead of face-ebolaids-carrying dirty hobos ? In any case, you'd expect it to be good for your immune system.
thanks man! yea I only use oui i am still learning french and don't feel cool enough to use ouais yet hahahah
Dude, fuck off, you're from Florida
Man, you people really don't get it?  They use french and english pretty freely in the video.  I never know when it's ok to just listen and when I have to look at the subtitles.  And because the subtitles constantly switch language I can't just read them to understand the video.  I have to switch between listening and reading and I never know which I have to do next.  It's annoying and unnecessary.
And the not-facts he pretends are facts. 
That was a weird episode. He was talking about all these disadvantages to buying an electric car, but it's still better than the alternative...
Forget that, the idea that anything that may be related to bolstering tourism is propaganda aimed at draining Britain of its youth, I dunno. I would feel pitty if I wasn't trying to keep my eyes from rolling out of my head. 
I too would like to learn to speak Spanish well. Any advice?
Oui.
I know what you did, but for some reason the use of race just ruffled my feathers. Couldn't help but see you as one of the, I'm 1/16 Cherokee therefore I identify as part of the Cherokee nation. Which was not fair to you, I think I am just weirded out by many Americans need to assert weird ties to their old country
Glad you know my whole life story bonhomme
Do you have any examples?
[Some truth in the madness ](https://www.google.co.uk/search?client=safari&hl=en-gb&q=paris+trying+to+lure+british+business&spell=1&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwixptDl9ojSAhUEKMAKHQc2DGIQvwUIFigA&biw=414&bih=608) 
Spend a few months in Spain, with roommates so that you can throw parties and meet people. I've never progressed that much in only 2 months of my life!
Is it impolite to call out like they imply in Pulp Fiction?
Which of these would you say makes more sense:- A) People generally leave a normal tip for waitstaff, unless they feel the service was unusually poor, in which case they leave a smaller tip.- B) People generally leave a normal tip for waitstaff, unless they feel the service was unusually good, in which case they leave a larger tip.If you said A, congratulations, you're most people, IMO.In the Adam Ruins Everything video regarding tipping, Adam falsely claims that studies show service does not impact tips. What studies actually show is that service does not significantly influence *if you receive an unusually large tip*. Studies on the subject show that service *does* significantly influence if you receive an unusually small tip. Which, if you believe A to be the most common tip mechanism, makes Adam a liar. If B, makes him misleading. Being a waiter for a while made it instantly apparent that he was full of shit, and research confirmed it. 
That's definitely advice I would keep in mind for the future but right now money is a little tight to spend a few months anywhere that isn't home. I'm using Duolingo and an online 'learning transfer' course in the meantime. 
>What studies actually show is that service does not significantly influence if you receive an unusually large tip.Which is exactly what he said, he was replying to If I give better service, I get a better tip and his response was Customers who receive great service tip on average 1% more than those who don't.>Studies on the subject show that service does significantly influence if you receive an unusually small tipSource? Because [Adam's source](http://scholarship.sha.cornell.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1156&context=articles) says that isn't true.>Which, if you believe A to be the most common tip mechanism, makes Adam a liar. If B, makes him misleading.A and B aren't mutually exclusive, and one being false doesn't make the other true. Neither are true.And no matter what, a lack of tipping does not mean worse service, as evidenced by any country that doesn't underpay their servers, and therefore doesn't require tipping.>Being a waiter for a while[You](https://youtu.be/q_vivC7c_1k?t=23s)But more seriously, have you ever given really bad service and got a low tip? If not, you can't really use experience to comment on A. On the other hand, how often have you gotten exceptionally larger tips? Probably not much.
Basically fluent Spanish speaker here who is half self-taught. Guzeno is right, living in a Spanish speaking country is the best way to learn but it's not the only way. And in this day and age, I honestly think it's possible to do it without paying a dime if you're truly dedicated. Duolingo is alright, busuu is another app option (it always asks you to go premium which is annoying, though). Other really helpful websites:[studyspanish.com](http://studyspanish.com/grammar) - Screw their membership, they have the most extensive index of grammar lessons I've found and it's free. The explanations are good and there are quizzes at the end of each lesson. If you want to learn grammar (and you do), use this site.[SpanishDict](http://www.spanishdict.com) - This dictionary was a game changer for me. Having the right dictionary is crucial because Google translate does not take context into account! Many verbs don't directly translate and really depend on the context. For example, let's say I want to say he is tired but forgot the word is so I type just the word is into Google. I get es and I'm like cool. l es cansado. Except the word es means this is the nature of his being, like his personality, but if we want to talk about a temporary state of being we would use est. It should have been l est cansado. This is one of many mistakes that Google translate can lead you to if you only rely on it, so SpanishDict is awesome because it gives you way more information about the words like the context we use them in, how they're used, whether they're adjectives/nouns/adverbs/etc., and even what countries they use them in (pro-tip: [Spanish spoken in Mexico is a little different than Spanish in Spain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LjDe4sLER0)).[interpals.net](https://www.interpals.net) - This is a pen pal website with the idea that you connect with strangers for language exchange. You have to create a profile but other than that, there's no commitment nor charge. Just connect with Spanish speakers who want you to help them with their English and they'll help you with your Spanish.Podcast: Coffee Break Spanish. Look it up. This will help with your listening skills.Once you start getting better, I highly recommend trying to read books and watch shows in only Spanish with Spanish subtitles. This stage is really difficult at first, but poco a poco it will start to get better./r/Spanish tambin existe! Que tengas mucho xito y buena suerte. Te deseo la mejor y, ms que nada, que te diviertas! Escrbeme tranquilo si tienes cualquier duda :)
Neat!
[Bassnectar's Demonstration of this at Electric Forest](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO-ugUxHIAA)
[This is my favorite piece of Oscilloscope music](https://youtu.be/5WBWIKnr0Os) By Jerobeam Fenderson
Back in 1980, I did a project for my Physics class with an Oscilloscope.I hooked it up to a cassette that would play Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon.  That produced AWESOME Oscilloscope patterns.
Holy crap, this is fantastic.
http://i.imgur.com/8GfHgHe.jpg
Meat!
Wow this is incredible
Wheat!
Heat!
I was expecting it to sound terrible, pleasantly surprised 
RRRRROWwwww
I would like to know if there is a device online I can play with one of these? Maybe something on fruity loops or mixtrack pro? 
Fantastic
Coolest thing I've seen in a while.
Does anyone know what the oscilloscope is plotting here on the x- and y- axes? The artist's website seems to say that it's horizontal and vertical deflection. Is that a physical quality of the sound?
I feel like I need to drop some acid and watch his album
Cleat!
Feet!
Teat!
That's not how it works
Those figures cannot match the sound being produced. Otherwise it would be a mess.
Neat
Neato!
Neat!
Neat!
Neat!
Neat!
Neat!
Neato!
Neat!
Neat!
[I'm partial to Shrooms myself.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19jv0HM92kw)
> Meatill fuck your mom
[Probably have to use something like Oscistudio.](https://asdfg.me/oscistudio/) Jerobeam Fenderson does a bunch of Oscillioscope music and made quite a bit of what they showed in the video. [Here's his channel.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCECl4aNz5hvuRzW5fgCOHKQ)
I actually just found a plugin to attempt to create these cool forms of artwork on fruity loops. It was too difficult to create anything, but worth screwing around on. 
Interesting how little high school has changed since then. Only real difference is cell phones now.
Not sure why but 90's home videos like this give me a real serial-killer vibe.
Weirdest thing to me is that, if they are seniors, they'll be turning 41 this year.
If there is one thing I can change about my past..... I would've not worn jnco jeans.
Proof that kids these days aren't any dumber or more immature than they were back in the olden days.> Greg, hang on to *her* buns!Ah, youth.
Hot damn. In '94 were cameras this good not pretty expensive still?
The bleached hair is amazing. 
My Freshman year was in '94, love seein all of the styles and mannerisms in this video, pretty cool.
>jump his bones!Now there's a euphemism for sex I haven't heard in a long, long time..
looking at this makes you wonder where all  those kids are now.Are they in the Military dead became famous ran for office etc.  
Dig the Aus Rotten patch on that punks vest.
I hope Craig learned to eat with his damn mouth closed. That's just disgusting Craig. 
Guy at the end was really enjoying that can
dude's chain wallet really hit it home for me
oh god memories ahahahha
It would seem one thing has changed. The average person's ability to film with some degree of steadiness has improved somewhat. 
Ahh yes, the early 90's lifestyle where we [slam soda cans up each others' assholes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tky1B6ebozA#t=630).
Surveillance Man: The Early Years.
lets go smoke teens never change. 
No ones gonna point out the short kid with two chicks hangin off him in the first few minutes there? Jeez man he had high school figured out.
So that's what it's was like to hang out with the weird kids.
That must be weird. Just some random day over 20 years ago you were filmed, today people are watching it like some sort of time capsule.
Nick Saypia is a bitch.
Looks like Zach Braff in the beginning there.
Game Boys, Walkmans, and Hypercolor T-shirts all day
Everyone's depressed now.
There is something that I find endlessly charming and psychosocially satisfying about watching humans be humans, especially if it's from a time period from long ago. It's probably due to the fact that this kind of medium is instantly relatable and recognizable.
I wonder where they are now
Amazing that someone bothered to digitize the videos.  Back then, they were all analog videos.  Probably someone died in these videos and the goofiness of ramming empty soda cans into a person's ass is a sort of Internet legacy for a few.
I want to punch that Jewish kid's face with the force of a thousand suns.
too much movement in video
One item that immediately jumped out was the number of kids weirded out right away by being filmed...
The kids were skinnier and they ran around a lot more
And the entire school eating lunch outside, that is unheard of. 
Is it just me or are teenagers a lot more fashionable now? Like a lot of them really seem to care about how they look and a lot of them look pretty good. Like I could customise a video game character all day and it still wouldn't look as cool as some of these teenagers who walk around like it's nothing.
I wouldn't have guessed it was 23 years ago if it didn't say '94.
And you could not be more wrong
The reason for that is because in standard filming, such as television, movies, even youtube videos nowadays, the idea behind good camera work is to make the camera operator a non-element. You should never ever think about what the camera operator is doing, who it is, etc. unless that's an actual plot device to the show or movie, like in found footage films such as Blair Witch and Cloverfield.In those movies, the camera is a character. So you are meant to be aware of them. In home movies, such as this one, you're very aware of the person behind the camera, but they're trying to be quiet (usually) because they're trying to be a camera operator. So their silence is super eerie, and all you can think about is them staring through the camera at uncomfortable people who didn't ask to be filmed. 
Me too. I think it's because a majority of 90's-type home videos I've watched in the past 10 years has been 9/11 footage, where one second people are joking around like this and then tragedy strikes. That along with Columbine happening in this era gave me a really off-putting feeling that I'm watching a national tragedy or someone is about to die.
JNCO stovepipe pants will rise again and I will be the first at the side of the JNCO throne. 
I wish they were more socially acceptable, I would wear them again.
A fat pair of JNCOs and soap shoes. I was never that cool.
I saved up for a few months to buy a pair if jnco's, first major purchase, I cut off and saved the back pocket for posterity. 
Keep the movement alive!https://www.jncojeans.com/
Got a pair of my old jncos in storage. One day, my son will be in high school and have a 90's throwback day.
Check out graffiti from the ruins of Pompeii. The language structure is a bit different, but it's amazing how similar it is to modern day. Lots of dick jokes and such.
It wasn't that long ago.  We has the Internet, for cryin' out loud.
His was an interesting part, I'm not sure this type of dialogue with fly in our more pc world
>VIII.2 (in the basilica); 1882: The one who buggers a fire burns his penisWas this the Roman equivalent of Don't stick your dick in crazy?
The cameras we had were the ones with the small tapes in the them, that you then had to put into a VHS tape with a slot, the cameras themselves were decent though. IT made the cameras basically the same palm size as modern cameras. Resolution wise I've no idea what they ran at.We had 2 cameras available to students in the television and video production class at my school which also had an editing room and what have you. This was an arts school though so I imagine it varied on availability school to school. The cameras were still pretty expensive so far as I remember and sometimes it was just a friend who had family with some money or whatever.
Stumbled across some high school pics of me with bleached hair (90s) and my co workers gave me crap for wanting to be a eminem wannabe. They were kinda surprised when i told them it was just the style at the time and a lot of people did it.
[We're just blond boys doing what blond boy's do](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7vd_Oy8ixw&t=35)
Love it too. I was a sophomore.
Same here. It brings back so many memories 
I remember when an acting troupe came to town to do a play at our school (one of those PSA type things) and we were shocked when they said 'I want to jump your bones'. So subversive for the time. 
All 3 and more
That visual brought back a lot of high school memories tbh
Somewhat.
There are a ton of these videos from the 80's and 90's of what high school was really like.
r/humblebrag
At least people in another 20 years have a wealth of time capsules to pull from....Well, maybe not with degradation and stuff.
> from a time period from long ago.It was only ten years ago, man...
Well I mean cameras were pretty big. I think anyone would be weirded out by having a large lens aimed at them, especially one that costs so much.
They also smoked a lot more cigarettes
Tons of schools in Southern California have outdoor cafeterias. It's very common.
I was a senior in HS when I found out my school had an area to eat indoors. Eating indoors was only something we did in elementary school when it rained. Those were the best days. Eat lunch at my desk?! Awesome! Totally awesome!
My high school in rural Massachusetts does this exact thing in the spring time once a week. Burgers, watermelon, and macaroni salad, and sitting outside is optional but a majority of the school does it anyway. I thought every high school did this. I was actually kind of surprised at how nearly exactly similar the video came to it, from the students lining up, to the tables, to the teachers handing out burgers to the kids. In fact I'm pretty sure I've heard that buns joke like twice before.
My old highschool didn't even have the option for indoor lunch eating. We ate in the hallways *which were outdoors*
Field day happened once a year at my high school and i'm only 20. We had hamburgers outside just like this
This is connecticut though.  I highly doubt they'd deliberately build all that seating if they can only sit out there for a couple months of the school year at the most.  At my high school, also in New England, we could eat lunch outside, if we were seniors.  But we weren't SERVED lunch outside.  That's what makes this weird.
School of hard knocks, we ate outside every day
I dont think ive ever been to a school where we ate inside lol.
Not really, in my HS seniors got to eat outside when ever they wanted too (senior privilege). My little brother (different HS) can leave school grounds to get something to eat.
Both public high schools I've been to in Kentucky had a small courtyard surrounded by the school building where you could eat if you wanted. Just some concrete and mulch, but the fresh air and sun was nice. Definitely not unheard of.
My school had open lunches :D We could walk / drive anywhere we wanted for lunch as long as we were back in time for class
That *was* the fashion then. T-shirts, plaid, etc. (see also. Grunge)
fashion changes buddy..
Depends on the school and the crowd I'd say. I went to HS from 94-98, exactly when this video was made and our crowd of girls was more like the girls from Clueless. It was like dressing for a fucking fashion show every day. 
That's what everyone says. Some don't care, but there's always people who try to keep up with fashion no matter what the decade.
>Is it just me or are teenagers a lot more fashionable now? It was also filmed in Connecticut.
Stop looking at the kids.
Not sure why you say this. I was in high school 2 years ago im pretty sure i would know
Wow. What a great explanation. I've always wondered why videos like this give me a sense of foreboding, even when I know nothing bad is going to happen.I think you hit the nail on the head. I never realized that this is exactly the reason for the feeling.
Well maybe but how is that different from what we have today?  We have many more videos filmed by amateurs than at any other point in history, due to everyone having a smart phone.  And the people behind them do make themselves known.  I think the bigger explanation is the era.  I kinda associate the early 90s with slasher movies, to some extent.  I'm even reminded of the Columbine shooters, entirely from the style of dress.  (yes, it's a few years before columbine, but still)
Dude....I just turned 30 and occasionally throughout the years looked for Jncos in my size online. Never found them. Last may I looked it up and holy fuck. They had a website up. I bought some jinx and omg.....they will bring you back. Its crazy. I wear them as often as I can. Just like when I was a kid. My kids hide them from me. My girl gets super embarrassed  when I wear them. I don't give a fuck. So many people have stopped me and asked....are those jncos ? I'm like....yes....yes they are. Instant conversation about their first pair. Get them back. You will not regret it. 
Before long we'll just realize that the posts on /r/jokes are the same reposts from Pompeii.
> graffiti from the ruins of Pompeii[Here's a website full of ones that were translated.](http://www.pompeiana.org/Resources/Ancient/Graffiti%20from%20Pompeii.htm)> Weep, you girls.  My penis has given you up.  Now it penetrates mens behinds.  Goodbye, wondrous femininity!and> Amplicatus, I know that Icarus is buggering you.  Salvius wrote this.and a whole lot more. Mostly about buggering folks lol. It was a very adult place full of brothels after all.
They'd record straight PAL or NTSC onto VHS, which defines the resolution, encoding etc.https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=VHS#Signal_standards
I mean, its fair to say that the style at that time was heavily influenced by Eminem. His influence was probably more in the early 2000s though than the 90s, since the Slim Shady EP came out in like 98.
That was four options
Over 20
1994 was 43 years ago...
Florida too. at least in mine. 
Yeah I went to high school in Southern California and the only part that was indoors were the classrooms and library although now they do have a indoor cafeteria that just opened a couple years ago.
There are schools in New England like that too (not as many tho)
There was an outdoor courtyard in my high school in Georgia you could eat at, too. It had these wretched concrete tables and benches that weighed a ton, so you needed a whole team of people to move a bench to get extra seating at the table (there were never enough). That's how you knew who your real friends were, if they'd move one of those fucking benches for you.
This is how I know you live in California.
> Eat lunch at my desk?! Awesome! Conditioning you for the workforce later on.
Dreams were alive
A few years?! Columbine is closer to 9/11 than it is any sense of the early 90s.
You kind of asked an answer. It's more commonplace, so people react differently to being on camera. In the 90's if someone was filming you, it's weird. What are you filming me for? I'm suddenly self conscious of literally everything i'm doing, how I look, what i say, why are you doing that, etc.People filming today on smartphones usually fill one of two roles. They film accurately and don't become part of the narrative (like filming an event or a concert or something happening that they just want to capture) or they film and get involved, asking questions, shouting 'worldstar', etc. We see it online every single day, people being filmed. We see it happen in our lives, people filming and taking photos of literally everything. It's so common that once the lens lands on you, you're not looking at the camera like what's this? what's going on? and more aware of the situation. I know personally if i know i'm being filmed, i try to 'act casual' and pretend that i'm not. that way whatever the person is trying to capture comes out the most natural. this is with friends, by the way, i don't know how i'd really react to a stranger filming be, but i know it wouldn't be with hesitant caution like in the 90's. 
>I just turned 30 and occasionally throughout the years looked for Jncos in my size online.Yeah, most of them are sized for weirdos with 30 waists and 60 ankles
He popularized it, but that bleached hair look predates him by quite a bit. It was initially a raver thing, and I remember how surprising it was to see a rapper with that look. 
I am sorry, I'm drunk
Central Florida, everyone ate outside at my high school and there were picnic tables under palm trees for shade. Which was great because sometimes cockroaches/palmetto bugs would fall down from the palm trees into your food or get stuck in your hair.
My school didn't even have a cafeteria and also had a totally open campus
Served food outside on a daily basis, though?
and now i'm wondering if we went to the same high school because this sounds similar to my old high schools set up 
5 minutes from Disneyland. 
How is 9/11 relevant? 9/11 was fucking ages ago
That's kinda a silly argument to make.  9/11 is the opposite direction than what we're talking about.  9/11 is already more than half my life away from the present.  I think this video is from 1993 or 1994, which would make it 5 or 6 years away from Columbine, and you can actually see a lot of the same fashion trends.  I would say something being within 5 or 6 years of something else to be relatively close.  I actually think 2010 is pretty close to the present day as well, even though that's now 7 years ago.  It's all a matter of opinion, of course.
I see people being stupid behind a camera every day too.  We see both worlds.  I think people are more used to being film. And this may *slightly* contribute to the effect.  But I'm still not convinced it's the main cause.  It could honestly just be as simple as it being retro.  Like every home video from the past seems like a different world.  I was alive in the early 90s, but a bit too young to experience it fully in the same way I experienced the 2000s.  But if I saw a high schooler filming his school in the 80s, the uncanny valley would probably get to me.  Probably same if he filmed it in the 70s, or 60s, or 50s.  It'd probably be really spooky if I saw regular teenagers interacting casually in the 30s or 40s.  Of course people couldn't really afford these cameras back then.  But we have a specific image of these eras in our minds and to see it and see how *real* and unscripted it suddenly became while ever so subtly different may just freak us out a little tiny bit.  
oh god, those things are terrifying 
What about bees?
We weren't even allowed to leave the building unless our parents signed us out. In many ways it was like a prison.
that sucks
Anahiiighm 
Early 90s: 1989-1994  Columbine: 19999/11: 2001Minimum temporal distance from 2001 to 1999: 2 years  Minimum temporal distance from 1994 to 2001: 7 years  thus 1999 is closer to 2001 than 1994 is to 2001.
I didn't ask you to show your working. The maths was pretty fucking simple*.I asked why 9/11 was relevant. You could have picked any event in the last 20 years instead of 9/11 and done the same analysis. That doesn't mean it's in any way relevant to the conversation.--^(*I say it was simple, but you managed to fuck it up anyway. Rather than determining whether the early 90s or 9/11 was closer to Columbine, you instead determined whether the early 90s or columbine were closer to 9/11. The latter doesn't even need any calculations, since obviously, the last in a series of three events will always be closer in time to the middle event than to the first event)
Early 90s = 1989?? 
Yes. In fact, about 1987 to 1994 was the real 90s.  
Based on the years Nirvana existed? Nice.
Ha. Uh, no. Though I guess pop music does reflect its era.
I'm pretty sure Tarantino wrote this scene specifically for himself and didn't really care how it fit into the narrative.
It took me awhile to go through puberty.  I'm super jealous you were able to do it 5 minutes.
Watching this scene out of context really makes me appreciate just how much Quentin Tarantino must've been sniggering while writing a scene purely about Salma Hayek satisfying his foot fetish.
This and the scene in Dogma where she is a stripper were watershed moments in my young life. 
For those of you that haven't seen From Dusk Till Dawn, don't read any reviews or spoilers before you watch it! It's also on Netflix.
>Welcome to slavery.>No, thanks. I've already had a wife.
I'm not sure cumming your pants makes you a man.
I remember this scene giving me a chubby, even in the presence of my then SO; she even commented on it.  I told her she'd just have to give me a pass on that, as Selma at that time was the hottest girl alive, and if you were a male, you'd be looking.
You were not alone. Even now I get all tingly watching her 
For me it was Jamie Lee Curtis when she did that [striptease in True Lies.](https://youtu.be/GyMAlt-501U)
Can't decide who had a better view, Tarantino or Clooney..
The song in it is pretty fucking dope, anyone know what song it is?
She's only gotten better with age.
The Desperado scene is where it's at
I was a man for a long time when I first saw this movie. That scene also blew my mind. Can't even imagine what it did to you, but what a way to be welcomed into manhood.
Is that Arin Hanson singing?
I was already a man when I saw this, but I went through puberty a second time.
well....*unzips pants*
At 1:08 she almost eats it as she's walking backwards. It looks like she almost rolls her ankle.
Did Danny Trejo just come out of the womb like that? He hasn't aged a bit, but he also looks 60 years old in this.
My dad rented FDTD for family movie night once. right in the middle of puberty. Thanks dad...He also took my mom to see Platoon for their first date. 
[The only thing that would make the scene better is if they panned to the audience and showed this reaction](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/2228750/napoleon-dynamite-don-o.gif)
In that case, to preserve your fond memory, for all that's holy, do not watch Everly on Netflix. 
Me too and i'm female, well, was.
Machete looks so young here, I kind of forgot he ever was a young man.
The first time I saw this scene, I was probably in 4th or 5th grade, and it was on TV late at night. I fell asleep then woke up to fucking vampires. 
I bust a nut just remembering it
what happened you got a boner?
For me it was this bit of movie magichttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ub3g3h7dS1Y
Too bad the scene is totally ruined by Tarentino's foot fetish sequence. 
This was your bullet ants? That's kinda gay bro.
yeah lol. I read somewhere that Tarantino might have a footfetish.
What I came here to say. It's pretty cringey when you think about it.
hahaha. I guess I was just thunderstruck by her.
Yeah I LOVE the Dogma scene, it's the pigtails and glasses. God I wish I looked like Salma Hayek I think she has the perfect body... 
we are the same, you and I
[The scene in question](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMcTicx-63Y). I love that movie. 
I love showing the movie to people. They are never ready for the awesome shit that suddenly changes everything (you know what I'm talking about ;).
They also made a tv series based on this movie, kinda meh though.
The Netflix description contains spoilers! At least it did last time I looked. The IMDB description *definitely* does.The movie is good either way but it gets way better if you don't know anything going in. 
lol I thought it was going to be a whole different movie then BAM! 
what are you a doctor?
oh if salma only knew how she makes me feel............................................................ she'd be creeped out
IMAGINE
Check out the Eddie Murphy comedy Trading Places. Thank me later. 
Yes, they did.
here you go, friend.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KR_Nhm1BnA
I was just a kid. Didn't really pay attention to girls. Then that scene happened and on that day I realized salma hayek was beautiful, and there are alot of beautiful women out there. 
tito & tarantula - After Dark
yes. both physically and mentally
Look at mr.holierthanthou here. 10/10 guys would put salma hayek's whiskey covered toes in their mouths if she asked them to.
Just a bit, not like he has extended sequences of his actresses' feet in his films. Nope, nothing like that.
A redditor hooked up with him one time and told the story. It was exactly what you think it was. All foot, all the time. He just wanted to suck toes while he jerked off apparently... 
I wonder who has the bigger one Tarantino or Rex Ryan
> might
MIGHT?
I'm jealous of everyone there for the filing of this.  
Instead of watching the clip you posted I decided to watch the whole movie for the first time. It's like QT had two movie ideas and decided to merge them together. Crazy and awesome. :)Also recommend if anyone out there hasn't ever seen it.Unless you've seen his other works and hated them all. XD
Yeah, it is. Entertaining enough to watch it all, but doesn't compare to the original.
folks listen to this guy. If you want to have an awesome movie exp, plis don't read any descriptions.
Nope.  Just a man.
Goddamn right lmao
Mah man!
i would of got a boner to. i would totally fuck her she is like really hot but she is getting kind of old now.
I'm not into feet. But for Salma Hayek? I see no problem. 
Which is amusing because by some sort of proxy he is passing that fetish onto other people who have it click while watching his films.
Source?
link?
that's really cool man! I'm glad you enjoyed the movie
Think of it more as the Death Proof/Grindhouse double feature but instead of having their separate movies QT gets the first half and Robert Rodriguez gets the 2nd half thats why the shift is so sudden
Did you cum in your pants too?
Idno im a guy but I think i'd take it as a compliment
Lookin' good!
It's either would **HAVE** or would**'VE**, but never would **OF**.  See [Grammar Errors](http://www.grammarerrors.com/grammar/could-of-would-of-should-of/) for more information.
Either way she wouldn't have sex with you but glad you've decided for yourself.
I can't find the reddit post (it was actually a reply to one of those Who has done it with someone famous? posts) but I believe it was from the same lady. At least the story sounds the same as I recall. [Gawker picked up on it at some point](http://gawker.com/5816417/the-quentin-tarantino-toe-sucking-sex-email-that-will-haunt-your-dreams)
We can only dream 
slow down!
fuckoff wierdo you keep following me around the internet trying to correct my gramer
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/014/009/michael.jpg
I'm almost ashamed to admit that I have witnessed the development if this plot line and at this point I'm kind of invested in it.Ironman^2 - the fight between a man of iron and a robot.
Grammar*
You knew.....we all knew...
There's just something amusing about a 35 year old man who, at this point, will actually never learn what they're writing is wrong and makes them sound stupid. 
One of the best ones Ive seen yet.
That was ridiculously high quality. Well done.also can't wait to see this on YoutubeHaiku tomorrow with the time flags to make it 30s
[](https://soundcloud.com/shokkbutt/ruining-songs-forever)
This is awesome! 
This is fucking gold. 
Can someone ELI5? I don't game.
ok now we need to have it dubbed over this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjZ64eWnlq0
I chortled.
Oh you know his co-workers are never gonna let him life this one down
He looks so much better with the beard.
Jeff Kaplan has gotta be the best game dev ever. Much love to him <3
It's so great that he has even referenced one of these before, so he may even be watching them himself. So damn good
This video?? Yeah... made me laugh
Already done
I hate that melody
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/youtubehaiku/comments/4yed1d/poetrymemeyou_reposted_in_the_wrong_hospital/) thread made history. Just follow it and you'll be in the meta.
Massively popular game out right now called Overwatch. Frequently there are balance change patches that come out and often the lead game developer will put out developer updates. Then a reddit user chops up the updates and puts out their own versions. Mostly difficult to appreciate if you haven't played the game because the jokes are game related. The editing is pretty sick though, so there's that, and if you do play the game (and especially if you watch the dev updates) these things are fucking comedy gold
Memes and dreams. 
everyone does
sigh and the top comment is the full thing.
This seems to relate it in precisely no way whatsoever to Overwatch..?
Thank You!
Awesome thanks!
It's an intersection of two unrelated memes (or rather, a meme and a popular pastime). 
this is true but as an overwatch player that never caught that meme i'm glad he linked it
THIS is fantastic. I haven't seen this in a while, thanks for posting that! Did you see this weeks episode? Holy shit they are pushing some envelopes....
I was hoping this would progress with a narrated voice for Fred Savage detailing his feelings while he watched the fellatio occur.  Classic coming of age story
The gang, how awesome, never saw this promo.
Fred Savage is the best.
So many comment and posts for Danny Devito. I think someone is paying for this advertising.
Rhea Perlman needs to be on It's Always Sunny before it finally bites the dust.Also this was fucking hilarious, I love Danny.
Every character was super in character in the last episode, it was one of my favourite episodes of the series, it had everything.
censorship envelopes... yes. reality envelopes... not so much. 
[savage](http://imgur.com/2Y1gi0n)
She played the old lady piano player in the live/stage play version of the night man cometh episode.
Holy shit, I didn't realize!!
i don't know anything about archery but this looks pretty cool. he makes it look so easy and simple. how difficult is this for a beginner to make and shoot one of these?
That heat gun is the real MVP
Couple of things:Backing a bow also ups the draw weight a bit, depending on the material used.  I made an Ash flat bow a couple years ago that was backed with silk, and the backing uped the draw weight from 55 pounds to just over 60.Secondly, PVC bows, due to their low draw weight, are easy to break.  Now the backing helps with this, but they're still susceptible to snapping if you over draw or shoot them a lot.  So if you are going to follow this guide, please be careful and make sure to inspect the bow for cracks or color changes that show possible material fatigue.Third, he plucks his shots.  Don't do that, your string hand shouldn't move when you release.However, that's all kinda nitpicky.  I think this is a neat project and the design itself is well thought out.  If you are making one as a beginner in archery, or if you have a young enthusiast who wants to shoot but you don't want to spend a ton in case they don't enjoy it, this is a very viable option.
That's Nick from Backyard Bowyer.  Some bows have impressive power, they have stiffening beyond the single PVC. He also forges knives and some cool stuff.
I tried to make this kind of bow back in uni but it went horribly wrong and didn't work. Numerous attempts. Granted I might have had the wrong pvc etc but it's a bit more tricky than the video suggests. Ended up buying a real recurve from a local hunting shop. 
Nice lookin' bow.
This is cool as fuck, and I really enjoyed the narration.
aannd..suscribed
was most impressive by the leather wrapping.
I like this guys voice, I feel like he could professionally narrate something, but I'm not sure what.
I am super amazed by this but somehow feel it would be cheaper (and maybe easier?) to build a bow with a knife and a nice log 
Does anyone know of a good way to make sure the curve on both ends of the bow match? That's definitely something I would mess up every time without a trick to help me. 
I'll remember this for when I'm in an apocalypse type scenario. 
Damn, that chubby kid's got some decent triceps
Final step: pay $800 electricity bill because of heat gun.
heat up PVC... hell no. Only with gasmask.
Archery is actually a lot harder than it looks. If you're drawing and shooting a bow of decent poundage (40lb of force or more) you need a good deal of practice to be anywhere near accurate.
I have no idea how the person in the video made theirs because I haven't watched it yet (**edit:** I should have, this person's PVC bow is way more involved than what I describe), but it's incredibly easy to make a PVC bow if you're an adult. You could do it in ~2 minutes if you use a hand saw or ~30 seconds if you use some kind powered saw that doesn't have a circular face for a cutting edge (like a band saw or a reciprocating saw). I wouldn't trust a young kid to make one because you have to cut lengthwise on the end of a PVC pipe.Get a length of PVC pipe of desired length and width and then cut ~1 inch down into the middle of each end. Put your choice of bowstring through the cut and wrap the short end around a couple of times and tie it off. Put the long end of the string through the cut on the other end of the PVC pipe and put a bend in the pipe and then tie off the string. Cut off the excess.Boom. 30 second PVC bow.A friend of mine's dad made a couple of these for us when we were kids with 1 inch PVC pipe. It probably cost him like $3 in materials for the bows themselves.They're just kid's toys though. Don't expect to be hunting deer or even really doing any target shooting. You can shoot a storebought arrow maybe 150 feet with one if you arc the shot but it's not at all like using a wooden or compound bow where there is so much force that you can shoot an arrow directly at a target and get much penetration. I'd describe the arrows as being lobbed more than I would describe them as being shot, if you can see what I mean. It's not very powerful.I really doubt that you could get much power out of one even with thicker PVC or by using shorter lengths to make it less bendy. There's just not enough stiffness in the material to shoot an arrow very well.
Shooting is easy, shooting with good technique is tough. If you are interested, go for a low poundage bow (20-30lbs) to learn on, as straining with a stronger bow will enforce bad technique. I built a target and have been shooting in my yard for about a year, its really fun! 
To make one of these isn't that hard. I have a real bow but making one out of PVC Pipe will take like $10 in material. Maybe $20. It doesn't take that long to make either if you're focused. One hour max. All you need to do is make sure you have the right string, PVC pipe, and the right tool to make the cuts.
You're not burning it,  just softening it.   Do it outside if you're still concerned 
100% I was just amazed at the simplicity of it. But with every single thing in the world you can make it way more complicated and get into the finer details of it. 
I agree that this thing wouldn't produce much force. For a kids or just fun application, that's a plus. Living in the mountain west, i think that this might be good to have as a survival bow. Shooting ground squirrels and such 
Why specify a saw that doesn't have a circular face for a cutting edge? I've used one on many occasions to cut pvc. 
Probably because it would leave an edge that could damage the string.
11.30pm, still 39fuckingdegrees! That's 102 in American weather...I googled it. 
Burn more coal! - Malcolm Trumble
Also on the hood of a car, if the car was running not too long ago that could have contributed to the heat
Meanwhile in Western Australia I had to bust out the doona last night to stop my ass from freezing.
Yep, can confirm. Was really hot today, also yesterday. It's great if you still have 24C (75F) at 2am at night.
yet no one is talking about him using a metal spatula on a Teflon coated pan.
I work at a mine site in north/west regional South Australia... it was 61.8c in the sun on Thursday. The tailings dam looked so inviting...
[All this made me think of.](https://frinkiac.com/gif/S05E06/1064846/1072771.gif)
I am so over this Summer.... where I am (and most other places) it has been heat wave after heat wave, and even the cool two days a week we get have been humid as hell as it rains around us constantly... its been a nightmare.Winter wasn't Winter either outside of like 2 weeks, where it was cold and rainy.... in June we had a day that was 36, then after the two weeks of rain it was back to the high-20s all Winter... then straight into Summer a month later.... sucks. Makes me want to move to Greenland or some shit.Edit: Clarification for my whinge, I can deal with the hot days wayyyyy more than I can the hot nights. I have an a/c in my kitchen, which doesn't fix more than the kitchen and even with 2 fans blowing on me nothing can stop the fact I'm sleeping on top of sheets, sweating my arse off in 30' temps all night.... this has happened at least 4 times in the last 2 months. Quite often we have been getting 25'+ temps at night.... and there are people that don't believe in global warming.
Man I wish I could find the video. It was posted to /r/phoenix I think last year or the year before where a dude was cooking bacon and eggs on the sidewalk and using his lambo to bake cookies inside it lol. I for some reason miss Arizona...
you do not flip a sunny side up egg! what blasphemy is this!?
Mmm bacon and eggs.
Grew up in West Texas and once every summer I would always bake a pan of cookies in my car so my car would smell like cookies and I would have cookies.
Struth mate. Glad I'm over here in Western Australia. [We just got a bit of rain](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-02-11/wa-ravensthorpe-cut-off-by-floodwater/8262660)
The amount of sterling motors and solar panels that can be used in that country is amazing...
ITT: Well where I live it gets hotter and how hot it gets where I live makes me my penis bigger than yours.
I don't know how anybody lives in Australia. I find it almost unbearable when it hits the high eighties (~30c) during the peak of the day
How are Australian homes cooled? Do you use air conditioning or evaporative cooling? 
Metal in a Teflon pan, he's going to regret that one.
I'm in Australia. It's 46 degrees Celsius where I live today and it hasn't reached peak. I envy yous in winter, what I'd give to freeze my nuts off in the snow right now.
I hate when the metal part of your seatbelt is hot enough to cook eggs when you get into your car.
Do people in Australia normally drive around with eggs and pans? Is it hot so often that everyone does it? What about scrambled eggs? Any sides to go with those eggs?
I miss the heat
Add some Vegemite and you've got breakfast!
I always wanted to visit Australia.  What kind of spider egg was that?
You know it's bad when the QPS says to not go outside.
... mmmh whilst everyome has been complaining about the cold in Ireland.
I'm sure in no way was any heat from his engine contributing /sarcasm
So when are you guys gonna start living underground in the summer?
Stay safe out there when walking around upside-down. 
Pissed down with rain yesterday 
Heat of the engine played a big factor here.  Place your hand on the hood after driving.  
Fuck this Summer man, it hit 46.4C where I live yesterday. Ludicrous.
He flips an egg better on a car than I do in a kitchen...
Man... I wanted it sunny side up..
Was expecting a pan-flip for sure
So what's better cold or heat? 
I hope to be as confident flipping my eggs as him someday. 
Traveling in a fried-out combieOn a hippie trail, head full of zombie
Would that be safe to eat? Serious question.  
Bacon and eggs are such a great combo 
Is there a firefox extension that will give streamable an elapsed timer, play/pause button, run time, and other features of every other modern video player?
and thats why you wear sunscreen
This is every summer here in Phoenix. Cant wait for those 120 degree days again
I wonder what eggs taste like in Australia. I always love the idea of trying new exotic foods from other cultures
The real WTF here is that he's using dark full-length pants in 39C heat.
How is that man not a sweaty mess? My shirt would be an even darker blue. Also how do people live in places that get that hot? When it hits 90 degrees here doing everyday activities is fucking miserable.
Put your badge and spatula on my desk McCoy! You'll never crack the case. 
Now add bacon 
He should be cooking an emu egg.
that is way they are racing to go to Mars? in 10 years we will  be all burning in hell
COOK THE MAN SOME FUCKIN' EGGS
Hey arnold!
This can't be recent because of the quality of the video.
Not saying this isn't legit but that the pan is right on top of the vehicles hood...which gets extremely hot when it is running. But who am I? A car/egg/temprature guy? nope.
Rio de Janeiro hits 126 F easily every summer, plus 30 days rainless. 90 F in Winter is also recurrent.
that exact sizzle sound is what you look for when frying an egg. thats when you know the fucking pan is hot enough. 
Cut a few strips off the officer and cook them and he has Bacon and Eggs.
The sound of that egg frying was very satisfying. I'd never want to live somewhere so hot. 
In the UK, it also turns pretty much white, covered by sleet.
Who the fuck flips it over! What a psycho. 
Can testify...i feel like a muffin on a blowtorch
we should pay our cops better
Thank fuck for being in Melbourne atm. 19 and rain, living the dream
May I add, nice spatula skills officer.
I'm not 100% sure about the Investors Visa but if i remember correctly you have to deposited about $2M, create a solid business plan and provide additional funds to keep you and your business afloat.... but I might be wrong on this.Being shortlisted and staying in that area helps a lot as you gain points for work experience etc. Having family in OZ might help, too. I would not aim for unskilled work. It might help to get accustomed to the new environment and build up your social life more easily as you usually will work with 'real' Australians but I may not help you with your work goals(assumption here). In general, if you have a few years of work experience, good English skills(conversation al priority, business English basics necessary) than you will get a job. Use a Job Agent to get your foot into the door and it may take you anything from 1 week to 3 months. Don't shoot too high or too low. Be honest and you will be fine!
Meanwhile, [in Western Australia it's cold and we just got the 2nd highest rainfall on record for February](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU_bxReU2rQ)
I'm not buying it. That pan was heated before it was placed on the hood. How do we know? Because even if you left the pan there for ages, it is unlikely to exceed 80 degrees C, which is hot enough to cook an egg - for sure, but not at the rate shown here.I have done this in 43 degrees C heat, cooking eggs on smooth stones in Alexandra, NZ - but it took several minutes for them to cook. 
Hate having to do math to try and figure out how hot it is. 
> [flips the egg]WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!?!?!!
Is this that unusual for Australians summers? Former Texas resident here and 100+ degrees in the summer isn't all that odd. 
Why do people live in Australia?
I read everyone's comments in my mind to the accent of Crocodile Dundee m8.   
I know for a fact we all read the title of the post with an Australian accent. 
If it's that hot in winter, imagine how hot it gets in the summer! 
U can egg the fry? XD
Some scary shit boys and girls! It's 86f/30c for our winter high in Tulsa today. If this year doesn't change people's thoughts on climate change, then we are up Styx creek.
Looks like Brisbane
The pan was pre-heated. The egg didn't make a sound when he flipped it.
Bloody hot in Australia today....and they still make him wear a black uniform. Uncool Australia.
Its not that hot... Us Americans can survive in 90 degree heat. 
Eggs? I thought cops ate donuts?
This is why I'm glad to have been born on a real continent and not shitty Australia.
Why do people even live in Australia? Nothing about the entire continent seems appealing to me.
OK, we got it, it gets hot in Australia from time to time. But here is the news, Australia is not the only hot place in this world and there is no need to show us how hot it is every time it is hot. It looks like as if the Australians think that they are still in England and every extremely hot day is a reason for celebration. When it snows in Sydney let me know, that might be worthy news.
We do this is Texas too, but in winter.  Thanks Obama.
That's BS.  If anything, it's the residual heat from the engine.  Egg whites coagulate at 160 degrees F, and it would take forever at that rate.  Given how quickly he flips the egg, my guess is that the pan is in excess of 300 degrees.Also note that if the pan were naturally this hot due to the sun, etc, it would have been a uniform temperature...meaning that when he touched the handle, he would have burned the shit out of himself.
102 isn't that bad in dry heat
<15 in SW Melbourne.
That's hotter than the highest temperature ever recorded where I live in England.
If I weren't so lazy, I'd do one with a pre-heated pan when it's snowing here in Denmark.
American weather
It's been 45-50 in the last week here in central QLD. 
Only 102? Thats weak
As a Norwegian, I don't know how you're still alive.
The hottest it has ever been here in Ireland is 32 degrees and that was 100 years ago
It was 94 degrees here in Texas today where I am.
meanwhile it's raining in Perth lol
not that bad, I live in vegas we skip the black pan and fry directly on the hood.
102 in freedom weather.*
You misspronunced it!  Its' President Trunbull!!!  
You know it was hot in the Australian Outback during summer before global warming, right?
Renewables just aren't supportable.
If you can fry an egg like this on your car without some exceptional heat, there's probably something very wrong with your engine.
It didn't matter. Ridiculous heat wave on the eastern half of Australia at the moment, and by the look of it these guys are inland where it's easily 40-50C at least
I was looking for this comment.
It's an almost brand new car, that bonnet would barely be warm if they'd sat there red lining the engine all day.
Fire is over rated. 
I'm wearing SOCKS! Socks! In summer... 
Meanwhile in England, we have a yellow snow warning.
I can't believe I had a jumper on the other day at this time of the year! It's so much better sleeping in this weather though as opposed to typical WA summer
Snowing in Tassy atm
> doona ?
I ruined two pairs of shoes because of the rain on Thursday! Horrible 
Looking at 39C in Brissy city tomorrow. Can't remember this run of temps in major metro areas for many years. Local school here had kids keeling over and off to hospital yesterday due to having an outdoor assembly..
It was 46C where I am a few days ago
I think the thing that surprises me in this video is not THAT he could fry an egg on the hood of his car, but rather how fast he was able to xD  That must be unbearable
Two days of 40+ here. Im a tree lopper. Do not recommend.
loltry to feel our pain in the arab gulf. usually is 30+ at 2am and in the 42-48 [On the hottest days reaches 50's] usually.it's winter here though and is as cold as it gets, it's 11:30 pm as i post this and it's 21 c:
2am at night 
I'm so jealous of you...living in the fucking cold Scandinavia.  
That's the real crime. 
Fuck me and here I am thinking 40 is going to be bad. 
Get the fuck out, for real? Shiiiit.
When the tailings dam looks inviting... you got problems...
seriously ? people of Melbourne should shut up our whining now
Wouldn't that kill everything in the sun?
143FI don't believe you.
Quiet! I can't hear the eggs
We are directly under the earth's yellow sun ... ... nnnnow.
Its been insane...I live in an area popular with a lot of Pommie expats....they are like..yep we came here for sunshine but this is @#$!ed
What's funny is that the same weather pattern that is causing all your heat in australia is making Wellington have the worst summer in 35 years...We've been averaging about 17C to 22C and cloudy to mostly fine for the most part...:/
Why don't you sleep In the kitchen?
My aircon is in the kitchen on the other side of the house, moved my spare mattress into the kitchen a couple of nights ago.
Arizona is a weird fucking vortex. I love this place and hate it but whenever I leave I can't wait to get back. 
Over easy?
Agreed! Little tip, if you can't get the egg white on top solid without burning the underside, just put a little water in the pan and put a lid on it. The resulting vapor is enough to evenly cook the top without ruining the yolk :-)
He wasn't making a sunny side up.
Because people have preferences? 
Yup, got unreasonably angry at the Australian police. 
in a smoothie
This weather is ridiculous. A heat wave, sure that's NORMAL for Feb. I'm wearing longs and my fucking roof is leaking 
It's 6am and my room just hit 30C in Sydney. Been a shit night.
Its a huge place with lots of different temps at any given time depending on where you live. Just like your country no doubt...
Generally normal air conditioning is used on the coast and evaporative cooling is used inland where the air is dryer.
Some homes are built on stilts, so the air can pass under.
He looks old, he will probably die before the carcinogens kill him.
That looked like a plastic spatula to me. 
I actually wouldn't disagree with that, living over where it is winter right now.  (It was 7C today, but -1 is a typical high and -8 a typical low, and the coldest night this winter was -20.  On the plus side, summer is much more mild here; it's usually about 28 in the day and 17 at night, with the season's hottest days being about 35.)
It got to 48 degrees where I was yesterday. Only 35 where I am today. Too hot.
When it's hot enough to cut through plastic :P
It looks like this is a remote area, aka the outback. You basically need to drive around with enough gear to survive for a week at least, see the Standard equipment for your outback trip section ofhttp://www.tmr.qld.gov.au/Safety/Driver-guide/Driving-safely/Driving-in-the-outback.aspx
Its the police...no donut shops in Birdsville. Just have a fry up whilst on stake out.
It's a dinosaur egg actually, things aren't bad enough to eat spider eggs .. but give it a few million years and the spiders might get big enough to replace the domesticated dinosaurs.
[Coober Pedy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coober_Pedy)
Why not?
Yeah should be fine 
They just hide the default controls to emulate gifs. Right click on the player. 
also thank mr skeltal for good bones and calcium
46 Celsius 
Over easy or bust.  Which it does bust more often than it should... stupid yolks.
You do realize there are multiple ways to cook eggs, right? 
It's not uncommon in Australia...It's the fact that it's been so persistent. It has been heatwave after heatwave there all summer long. 
The temp in Birdsville where this was taken was 43-46 (110 - 115F)Temps in Major capital cities where mid 30's to 40+ so as a general all over Australia heatwave, pretty intense. 
One of the highest standards of living in the world and some of it has the best weather in the world (continents have lots of different climate types).
They live on the coasts where it's nice.
It's the best country. Keeps you on your toes 
haha, seasons are flipped down under. when it's december, that's like july in the states here. when it's august there, it's winter. 
Because the egg absorbed some of the heat from the pan 
What do you find appealing? 
You should open your mind and learn more about it. Its massive and diverse. If nothing about the entire continent appeals to you, you're probably not going to find any pleasure in life anyway.
It's cool, don't thank me.
Engine heat would never be enough, if your engine gets that hot, it would completely destroy it. It is cooled with oil and water... Not to mention that the paint on the bonnet wouldn't be able to coop.Black iron skillet left in the sun for quite some time might be able to accumulate a decent amount of heat, but I don't believe that would get anywhere near as hot that  an egg would sizzle when dropping into it.
My car dashboard read 99 celcius (infra red gun) the other day after being sat in the sun. Imagine that was a car bonnet AND the car had been running previous. Thats 210F easily.
The handle isn't metal. 
Have you ever noticed how on a hot day black stuff is hotter than the air itself? It's because black absorbs more energy than lighter colors, which reflect more energy. The black pan was sitting out in the heat for a while and absorbed a ton of heat. I've done this on hot (100+ F) summer days in Kansas. It's pretty fun lol. You can even feel the difference just going from a grassy field to a parking lot. The heat from the black asphalt is intense and magnifies the heat.
Thats a cop from Birdsville...he has hands like a blacksmith..
But they're talking about 102 almost at midnight
thanks to the ozone layer it's never dry heat in Australia. It's cancer heat
It's not a dry heat over the whole country. Coastal areas, as where I am, are very humid indeed. Especially since we have had rain. It reached 48c by 4pm yesterday afternoon.
Just lose all hope of not being sweaty and go about your day
Most of the time in Australia it's not dry heat.
But its humid as fuck though.
That's whay i'm trying to say. We get over 100 for a week every summer here in central California. Not too long ago it was a week of 110 I think. The hottest day on record for Stockton, California is July 23, 2006, when it reached a high of 115F
That's hotter than the highest temperature ever recorded in Manila.
You are so full of shit... It doesnt reach 50 here when the temperature is recorded accurately and I live inland.. Not near an ocean. WA I woulda said OH yeah probably you guys cop it like we do. Qld, Sydneysiders and the like --- you're exaggerating SO MUCH. Don't talk shit for the people who don't live here. My car said it was 54 yesterday, doesn't mean it was..
102 at midnight
WOW! That's amazing to me. But I can only imagine how bloody cold it must get in the winter...? I imagine you guys strolling around in the snow in jeans and a cardigan.. !
Does it often get to 102 degrees f at 12 at night in Nevada?
Used to have a vacation house in Southern Highlands, loved it there but jesus christ the heat in the summer was unbearable. could never live theree full time.
Global warming isn't real in Australia, that's our national stance, which makes it true. It's just a way for companies to make money or some such.
Science is for smart people!
We set a heat record only 2/3rds the way through summer.
They're cheaper than coal if you stop forcing the public to pay for the damage caused.
germany doing just fine https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renewable_energy_in_Germany
I believe they will cross the tipping point in like 2024.
Long-term negative externalities.
You could probably do it with an RX-7
Not at all, car engines get pretty hot, and depending on the vehicle, sometimes the hood can get that hot.In the video, it looks like they're using the Toyota Hilux, which normally has insulation under the hood to reduce noise and heat damage from messing up the paint (This is extra necessary because the paint Toyota used for a while is notorious for being generally low quality and susceptible to the elements).It's entirely possible that a vehicle like this one, missing that insulation, sitting in the sun with the engine running (meaning no airflow to cool the hood) could easily heat up enough to cook an egg.Not saying the engine is the only player here, it's hot as balls in Australia rn, but the engine heat definitely helps, and isn't something unusual for a car to be able to do. Really, cooking eggs on X Y Z happens often. I remember a vid where someone baked cookies in their car in Arizona or something.  
Literally off the scale: https://i.imgur.com/u6w8uYv.png
40-50C = 104-122F. That's an awfully large range in temperature.  104F when it's dry is hot but can bearable.  122F just sucks no matter what.
I love it whenever one of those things I learned in 3rd grade and then never ran into again suddenly pops up.Summer?!?!? In February? Oh... yeah...
Is it because trump is visiting?
Meanwhile in the north of England, it's just like, a bit damp.
This just in, different places on earth have different climates
Yellow snow mean something different in England?
jumper confuses the yanks too. Apparently they think it's some kind of dress.
Yeah but no one cares about Tasmania.
quilt, blanket, comforter, duvet
I looked it up and apparently the rest of you call it a duvet
> due to having an outdoor assembly..And they did this why?
[deleted]
It's a high of 19C in Melbourne, which is unusually cold
pshh 39. remember the 2013 heat wave? adelaide was averaging 45
texan here. 102 really isnt that hot. i like to wait until it's a toasty 149 outside before I keel over.
Unless you live in like Cobar or Tibooburra, don't lie.. 
I live in Western Australia and it gets hot here. The most stunning heat I've ever experienced is still getting off a plane in Dubai at 130am... 40c. That was another level 
Be careful what you are wishing for! I was born in Germany and I do miss those cold and short winter days where you just hole up and watch tv/ play games. Having said that, I couldn't stand those very short days you guys have in the north of your country.
He the police tho, who gonna arrest him ? Not a single cunt.
The real crime was flipping the egg
40s are the new 20s.
>for real?No. According to google, The [Australian] national record is 50.7C, which was set at Oodnadatta in South Australia in January 1960.
I actually watched a grasshopper/locust flopping around on the ground, land on a rock then roll over and die.Wasn't many birds flying around. The wild goats we have in the area didn't seem to care. Animals do seek shelter during days like that.Just remember this temp was taken in the full sun, which is always much hotter than the official recorded temp's. Anywhere where it reaches +40c is probably +50 in the sun.I actually tried to find the official temp for the mine site, but couldn't. But a nearby town recorded 47.2c... That town is on the coast, we are inland about 80-90km.
Measured in the sun, not shade.
Could've been talking about the feels like temperature. But then again probably not, regional Australia is nothing to fuck around with
See above but each to their own I guess
/r/noisygifs
I live in the UK, but grew up in South Africa where it gets similarly hot in summer. Brits don't get why I prefer the milder summer weather here to the weather back home. Going somewhere hot like Spain for a 2-week holiday is not the same as living somewhere where it's >30degrees Celcius every day for 3 months on the go. Especially not when you're in your car going to work and the a/c is broken. 
Poms start dying when it hits 28.  They shouldn't be coming here after October.
I was shocked when I went from sydney to south island and it was like a 25-30 degree temperature switch. Came back to this crazy weather.  I just wish we had our usual afternoon thunderstorms, thatd make it alright.
Temping, but its too much work bringing my mattress out... I've definitely been camping out in the kitchen a lot more lol
Lived there for 3 1/2 years. I live in Colorado now. I already decided when my bones and joints are too decrepit to take the cold I'm heading back down south to retire. Probably Tucson. Just something about that desert charm. I take every chance I get to take work trips out to Arizona and am usually the first to sign up for them.
And turn down the heat the next time. The only reason why someone would fail cooking an egg is the heat. 
:-D 
Or, if you cook an egg in butter or oil (I use vegetable or olive oil), just use a spoon to scoop up the hot liquid and pour it on top of the egg. I learned it from that adorable lady on the cooking network with red hair and dimples. 
That being said though, air conditioning isn't nearly as prevalent as it is in the US.
I mean I was just worried about the quality of the pan really.
Seriously? I'd figure someone would get sick or something. 
>You do realize there are multiple ways to cook eggs, right?Yeah, I was totally serious with my egg cooking Nazism, you fucking goon.
Not in Perth :(
*whoosh*
Temperatures that don't go above 85F/30C, for one thing.
You arent Obama.  Nice try Al.
The sun would have been shining down uniformly across the pan. If the sun was the thing cooking the egg (as claimed) then the handle on the pan would likely have already melted.
oh yeah, thats bad
That sounds like normal Texas weather to me.
This always happens whenever somewhere other than America is hot. You'll get some guy from a small area of the US saying 'Ha, you think that's hot? Come to x! Hotter than you've ever seen!' This is the entirety of Australia, not one state.
It's even humid in Canberra. Weird weather 
Sacramento's got it made. We still get the 115 high temps, but it cools down to like 60 at night. Thank you Delta Breeze. 
39 at 11:30pm at night. Has exceeded 46 by most reports, and supposedly getting hotter. 
I used to work outside in that heat doing roofs and then later as laborer. A few days I really thought I would collapse and figured I'd just keep working and that the other guys would have to call me an ambulance. One of my co-workers had gone on a long hike through the southwest desert during a vacation from Northern Mexico to the Southern U.S.; he said, when you think you will collapse your are still ok, it is when you don't think anything is when you are in trouble.
Well fuckin good for you cunt. Parts of Australia this week reached 141 Fahrenheit...
I'm from Redding, CA. A few hours north of Stockton. Every summer for about a week, maybe a few days less, we hit 115. And that's every summer. Over 100 for about a month. Edit: I have nothing to prove to anybody on the Internet. I'm just reflecting what I've experienced. I said Redding, but actually out in Bella Vista. Considered Redding area. Below Deldari claims it never got to 115 last summer.  I've got a picture on my phone from mom this last summer showing 116 at our house. In the shade in the carport. I haven't lived there in about 4 years. I have nothing to prove to anybody. Its always just a bit hotter  out towards Bella Vista than in down town Redding. I'm sure the Sacramento river plays a part since it runs down the middle of Redding.
It doesn't get that cold either, relatively speaking. Lowest ever recorded is -19.9C. Compare that to Scotland, with a record low of -27.2C, or Lithuania with a record low of -42.19C at about the same latitude.Ireland's temperature is moderated by the fact that it's an island. Lots of rain/storms, though. It has what's called an [Oceanic Climate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oceanic_climate). 
In the summer? Yeah plenty of times it says right around there and doesn't get below 100 before to heat starts pounding again when the sun rises.
Two years then I'm outta here.
Obviously you've never heard of Clean Coal.
Everything is now expensive with the government involved 
Germany is actually a good example of the limitations of green energy. Currently only so much of the grid can move to solar, even with very generous subsidies that Germany provided. Germany had 15% of their electricity derived from solar and wind in 2014. They also had to increase coal capacity as a result of shutting some of their nuclear capability down. Germany is now scaling their green energy expansion down as a result of the subsidies becoming huge burdens on people through high electricity bills. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renewable_energy_in_Germany#TargetsFrance next door produces 70% of their electricity from nuclear, making it by far the cleanest large-scale application of clean energy in the world. 
Fry your apex seals too, while you're at it.
Thats not a hilux, thats a 78 series troopy. 4.5l V8 turbo diesel.
It's an awfully large area
You don't know the Australian sun, it's bad. Probably due to the huge hole in the ozone layer, but regardless it's almost unbearable when it gets to high 30s, regardless of if it's a dry heat or not. The only advantage to low humidity here is that you can hide in the shade
Been in 124 while stationed at Kuwait. It's like having a blow dryer to the face when it's windy. God awful
Anything over 40C / 104F is shit.
The snow is afraid of Blackpool.
It means Watch out where the huskies go.
> duvetcomforter in America
yeah...didn't seem like the best idea..
Too warm inside?
That is a shit idea.
mate i live close to that....take stacks of water and even ice packs etc...it will be over 40C there tomorrow..I hope you are starting early...
Bux?
Can you at least lay down a napkin before you flop your dick into the table? We eat here. 
Pssh being submerged in a bath of acid, remember the 2013 horrible death? Adelaide was averaging being shot in the face.That's you, that's how your comment sounds. 39 is still hot enough to cause a lot of health problems for a lot of people in the wrong circumstances. Australia has fuck all ozone protection either, your sunlight is basically a cancer beam. Just because it's been hotter at some point doesn't magically mean it won't do any damage this time.
Wow, you are popular! No idea why you where down voted 5 times but I will just add one to the positives  
>102 really isnt that hot.Fuck off, those temps are hot for anyone. It's not a dick measuring contest. The fact that it gets even hotter where you live just makes me think that must be a really shitty place to live.
That video was in Birdsville yesterday. It was around 43C (110F) with 46 (115F) today...
Soooo, you live in a place that's hotter than the hottest place on earth ?
Unfair to assume that.Some reports of major Western Sydney areas where easily 45C+, like my own.Look at Penrith, it was even worse at 47C:http://www.eldersweather.com.au/dailysummary.jsp?lc=67113http://www.weatherzone.com.au/station.jsp?lt=site&lc=67113&list=ob
Temperatures are an average. Any specific location can certainly vary quite a bit from what the weather channel shows you.
I'm not lying but sure
Nah mate, I actually am truly jealous of him. I lived 6 months (student/gap year) in Australia and travelled pretty much the entire country. I really wanna leave Northern part of Europe and live permanently in Brisbane, Gold Coast, Cairns or maybe even Alice Spring if I could find a job there. Anyone knows about Australias immigration policy? Is it possible to get a business visa and start something up? Or do you need certain education to get a visa? I'm really curious. 
Temperatures are measured in the shade so it can easily be 60 degrees in the sun.
It hit 54C last year acc to the BOM
Agreed, that nightly Southerly made all the difference!
I built this ghetto AC today cause the heat is unconscionable http://m.imgur.com/a/4J8Gn It works semi okay.
Yup, seriously. As long as the pan was clean and hot enough (and it really does look hot enough!),  and the egg was ok to begin with (not rotten or whatever), then it wouldn't really be too different to cooking on a camp-fire or barbecue. Can't see how it'd cause any issue 
You did seem pretty upset about it.
Turn that frown upside down!
I was hoping they were joking but I didn't want to call them out 
30C is fucking nothing, you softcock.
Not necessarily. Different materials absorb different amounts of radiative heat.
Come to Louisiana where it is 95 degrees and 90% humidity. at 1am.
Not where I live. 
I went to Vegas on a job once and my plane left 85 degrees Burbank around 11pm and landed at 100 degrees Vegas around midnight. Even though I never left the hotel after I've arrived, I still spent the next 3 days pretty much entirely dehydrated. That initial heat shock that late at night just really fucked me up.
What i loved above is the temps they were quoting were less than the initial temp. They're one-upping from behind!
Mate you do realise Australia is a continent, yeah? I'm in Melbourne right now, wearing a hoodie. It's 19 degrees, which is the day's max, and drizzling. (19 normal degrees equals 66 American degrees). 
Shouts out to cold sac nights 
calm your shit bro
Appreciate it's hot, but there wasn't one recorded day in the past couple of summers that hit 115F, let alone about a week. Why do so many people feel the need to exaggerate their own climate? It's hot dude, we get it, even if we believed you it doesn't make it more impressive.http://www.usclimatedata.com/climate/redding/california/united-states/usca0922/2016/7
UNLV?
Coal was expensive all along. It's called climate change will cause immeasurable economic damage and displace millions.
Define clean.
You're right! Very similar platforms (at least visually). I looked up the vehicles that Australian police use and it lists the Hilux, with a picture very similar to what's shown in the video.
From what I've heard Kuwait is like the worst of Death Valley and Louisiana swampass combined into one slice of hell. 
As far as I'm concerned, anything over 28 is shit.
Why do you all need so much comforting?
Bloody stupid is what it is. Wonder wtf they were thinking.
So hot they have had to transition from RED to PURPLES..http://imgur.com/a/Mg3Pg
[deleted]
If you freeze your water bottles overnight before packing them they'll melt and be colder for longer than just removing them from a cool fridge. Take some from the fridge though and add it to the partially melted ice bottles when they run out of drinkable cold water and only have a lump of ice left.
Bucks party. Stag do. Batchelor party.
someone didn't love you :(
Penrith and nearby areas were hot as fuck today, had to wait until night to even try going for a swim.
If you are sure you want this, the easiest way (and that's how I did it by accident) is to come on a work and holiday, find someone who employs you and is willing to sponsor you after 6 month for a 456 Visa. It helps a lot if your profession is short listed. From there, you can apply for PR after a few years. There are other ways, too but that's how it worked out for me on a circumstantial basis.Be sure to read through everything the department of immigration has made available online. I would not pay an immigration agent but it would be the safest and easiest way by far. This is by no means a legal advice or anything in that regards! Be sure you educate yourself before you make any decisions!
Yup, the official temp was just over 47. I recorded the 61.8 on my phone by leaving it on a step on my truck for 5 minutes exposed to full sunlight.
Hey dude
>You did seem pretty upset about it.I see that you still think you have judgement good enough to be able to tell either way.
Hey, I'd rather freeze my balls off than have them soft-boil every time I go for a run.
Yeah and you know how much radiative heat the METAL of the pan would have to absorb to get hot enough to cook an egg? A fuckload more than it would take to melt the PLASTIC handle.If the plastic had more heat resistance than the metal of the pan, the pan would just be made of plastic and the handle would be made of something else.Think about what you're saying before you type... This is a huge misunderstanding of basic physics and this shit is getting upvoted...
I don't think I want to.
Nature has made it clear more than once that it doesnt want us living in Louisiana
Come to Chicago where it's - 15 at 1 am
Man i love nights in the south, pool parties are where its at. In and out of the water there's no difference, you can get out dripping wet play some cornhole or can jam not the slightest bit cold.
I know Hawaii is not the most humid place in the world but it is humid. The very first step I took off the plane I was like 'holy fucking hell?!'. I live in California in a very non-humid place, thankfully when its hot its only dry heat but still. Humidity, I don't even want to try Lousiana....
Lived in Louisiana and Texas. Had 120 heat in Texas during summer. It was better than 95 degrees at 90% humidity in Baton Rouge. 
I wouldn't go to Louisiana if it was sunny and 70F with a 5 mph breeze all day every day
i'd rather not get taken in by weird people who want to show me their gift, thanks. 
My friend went to Japan and said it was over 100 and 100% humidity by noon
No
The first time I visited New Orleans it was February and I packed mostly pants/jeans because I'm from Massachusetts. Didn't even think about it. When I got off the plane, it was around 85F and 100% humidity. Had to go to the Walmart and buy shorts like a jackass.
You realize you can move right?
That's an exageration
calling bs on that 
So going from the airport to car to hotel you managed to become so dehydrated from a 15 degree difference that you felt its effects for 3 days? Yea that totally makes sense dude
Yep Melbourne guy here too. Rained all last night and I woke up fucking shivering.
Lived in Redding for 5 years, aka The Mistake. The airport where temps are recorded is generally a few degrees cooler than other surrounding areas. So if the official record says 111F, or 113F, then elsewhere in the area it was 115F or higher. I've seen it as high as 118F personally. There's nothing to exaggerate about Redding, CA. Its really f*ing hot. If you don't believe me hop on over to [r/Redding](https://www.reddit.com/r/Redding/) and ask those folks. They will confirm.
Reminds me of Coachella 2012, which was the hottest on record. I've heard people swear it hit 120 that day. The recorded temp was 107, which is still insanely hot for a music fest. I don't get why they exaggerate it to such an unbelievable number. 
Perfectly fine if you want to believe that website. I'm not embellishing. I lived there for 20 years of my life and have looked at the thermometers (in the shade) myself. I say Redding, but from Bella Vista which is just outside Redding. Other comments here echo what I've said. You can't just look at one temperature reading and think that covers a 50 mile area and that it's impossible other areas are warmer.
Didn't even go over 100 from what it looks like, lol.
Yeah been here forever getting my degree in engineering and getting the hell out. 
I mean are you talking about measurable costs? If so. Not having power is actually the most expensive thing you can do.  Germany moving away from nuclear is fucking stupid but having power >>>>>>not having power. 
Nuclear power actually is one of the cleanest, safest forms of energy production we have. The only reason why we don't rely on it more is because of its association with: Atomic weapons, and disasters such as Chernobyl. Of course solar and wind are cleaner, but nuclear power is still far cleaner than coal and fossil fuels.
Non-fossil fuel.
No carbon dioxide produced and no pollution gone into the environment. 
I doona?
because they don't have healthcare and everyone is armed
Holy shit, and I was wondering why it felt like I put my head in an oven as I took out the rubbish.
Maybe you should hold off on that one
I'd say that's a likely scenario in 40 degree weather.
In 40 degree weather I'd be surprised if no one got heat stroke.
You could.... ya know.... not do the climb. Or reschedule. 
Very thorough definition. Thanks u/poytoysoy !
Does my profession have to be shortlisted? I've got several family members in Australia. One of my 1st cousins husband got a factory in Sydney (I think it's unskilled packing or something). Meanwhile my profession is economics and business administration, which is why I thought about opening a business in Australia with a start capital of roughly 100,000 and maybe I could lend some more if needed. Regarding the shortlist: Is there any link for that? I would like to know what Australia or New Zealand needs. I'm still young (25) and could easily get another education before moving over. Anyways thank you very much, I appreciate it and I'll dig into those things. 
G'day! Surviving?
Plastic does have a higher heat resistance. The coefficient of conductivity is much lower than that of metal. It also has a very similar specific heat capacity to that of aluminum so it would not take any more heat input to heat the pan up. 
Ever heard the term swamp ass ?
Yeah, no thanks. Enjoy your Marshall Law. 
...and +60F the next day. 
Nah
Come to southern California where it's... uh... actually never mind. 
Easily done in Louisiana.
Doesn't 100% humidity mean like, raining?Note: I live in Arizona and have no idea what humidity is
Ya.... But my career... 
Why would you leave the south
That is not an exaggeration in the middle of summer. 
I'm from Louisiana and can confirm. It's terrible. 
LA heat is not as dry. So... yes. I was basically dehydrated and never fully rehydrated.
There are micro regions in that area that I assure you were much hotter. The weather station is probably at the airport near the river.
You're looking in the 'History' tab, not the 'Daily' average tab right?I'm counting:* 9 days in June 2016 that were over 100. * 14 Days in July* 15 Days in August* 5 Days in SeptemberThere was an 8 day stretch from 23 July, 2016 to 30 July, 2016 that had high temps as follows : 106F - 104F - 106F - 109F - 108F - 111F - 109F - 107.1FAnd, like somebody else said, it's quite possible that the temperature could be higher in different areas. I live in Louisville, KY where the average daily temperature is 4.8F warmer than the surrounding rural area, due to the heat island effect. It seems perfectly reasonable that some areas in the Redding area could be hotter than where the official temperature is taken. 
I was wanting to go to UNLV after high school because of my family's house there and because I liked LV, but god damn would I have probably disliked it looking back..good school though 
Nuclear actually produces less carbon dioxide emissions than solar, and by a significant margin. It's tied with wind. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life-cycle_greenhouse-gas_emissions_of_energy_sources#2014_IPCC.2C_Global_warming_potential_of_selected_electricity_sources
I'm not generaly against nuclear, but to say it is clean is a major disregard for truth. Even without accidents it produces a lot of radioactive waste and takes massive amount of space that will not be usable for the forseeable future. So sorry it is far from clean.
Non-fossil equals clean, really?
CO2 is not the only pollutant, radioactive waste is a very serious pollutant. It has to be deposited someplace that is rendered unusable afterwards.
[You're welcome.](https://www.amazon.com/Anti-Monkey-Butt-Powder-Ounce/dp/B00BLYMWEQ/ref=pd_day0_194_1/164-3087259-6095908?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=QW1Q0XWVT0WE6AE9E23Y)
Swass
Who's Marshall?
Travel to the Mojave area, can get pretty damn cold, when the city is heating up the desert stays cool but when it finally gets hot, easy triple digits but the evenings stay nice
Not necessarily.  It means the air can't hold anymore moisture at that given temperature.  When it gets that high and then cools off however,  it can condense into fog or rain. 
In Louisiana? _
> Come to Louisiana where it is 95 degrees and 90% humidity. at 1am.
Well fuck
LOL. What'd you walk the whole god damn way from the airport to your hotel? This is bs, you're just a bitch boi
A marketing firm needs to be hired to rebrand nuclear power.
I'm not saying it's 100% clean. I said it's one of the clean*est*. I encourage you to do some research on the matter.According to the [Nuclear Energy Institute](https://www.nei.org/Knowledge-Center/Nuclear-Statistics/On-Site-Storage-of-Nuclear-Waste), the entire nuclear power industry has produced, in the last 40 years, an accumulated amount of waste able to be stored in a small warehouse. I'd say that's an exceptionally sustainable, and efficient, amount of waste.
You asked, I answered.
Yes that's why I said no pollution gone into the environment. Nuclear waste is kept secured until its half-lives expend themselves. 
does it work for mudbutt?
Gold bond or baby powder works also. I work in an industry where I'm always 'running around' and swamp ass does happen. Gold bold helps me out a lot...Just funny when I fart as I'm sure it shoots it off my anus...
Risky click of the day 
That is some very good stuff. Used to use it for long distance motorcycle rides. 
One of the guys this adorable little girl nominated when she did her ice bucket challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waL5Cf-CFJU
See that's the beauty of the area though. From my balcony I can see desert, snow covered mountains, and the warm ocean. 
No offence meant, I love nuclear energy and think we should rely on it more, but is there also another source for those figures?
Ask Dave Chappelle.
Can confirm. Here's [security camera footage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL2RoRZEhIo) from u/HoTs_DoTs's workplace where he's being coached by his boss.
I'm sure you can find a negative source somewhere, as with most things. I will, however, challenge the preconceived notion that nuclear power plants are pumping out a steady and massive supply of nuclear waste. The reality is far less harmful.
This is exactly what i wanted, thanks bro
Just a heads up. Some of these old ass cartoons are pretty racist. 
Man I used to sit down every Saturday morning with my pops and watch looney tunes. I think I'll send him this, and we can watch it together by proxy. Thanks Op
Check out 56:00 for daffy duck hitting Hitler with a mallet. 
I wish they made new episodes that were true to the looney concept and not watered down bs.
Gonna throw in my favorite old Cartoon. The Tex Avery World of Tomorrow ones. https://vimeo.com/32889552
That's a long time
As a 35 year old in the backseat taking an hour trip to Ikea with my parents, I thank you for this.
I'm a 41 year old guy. I remember when saturday morning cartoons were a thing. When i was young, Saturday mornings from about 7am till about 10:30am was what I lived for.
Thank you! I needed this. I remember being awake at 5:00 in the morning to watch these as a kid 
Not all heroes wear capes. Thank you, OP!
I'm watching the adventures of sonic the hedgehog on Netflix right now while the baby keeps busy with her toys. And having a nice Irish coffee. Being an adult kicks ass. 
I'm 22 years old, and still watch this. it's not for children only
this cartoon should be shown on todays cable networks. what do you say ?
Apparently the guy who uploaded this is being sued for uploading all of this stuff.
Shame they fucked the aspect ratio.  Those old shows were never done in 16:9.  Otherwise, nice to be able to watch them again.
Man that takes me back to my youth wakin up early as hell and always having a good laugh
Seriously why is there no DVD Box set of Looney Tunes or a Netflix license?
It's nearly a half day marathon of Looney Tunes :-)
Awesome!!
I just laughed way too hard at that cow on the tracks at 3:13:50
Ahh yesss! Thanks OP!
My hero!
very nice, kid again !
sitting here in IT disaster recovery drills nothing to do. thanks man. 

I just watched the Chuck Jones short documentary yesterday and was craving this content. Thanks!
i don't get any of this on my cable service anymore. you have driven me right back to my childhood. excellent. thanks
I really wish I had seen this before I watched 3 hours of some random shows on the animal channel. 
I'd never watched the very first one before. Feels like Warner's take on the Disney formula of that time. And it's still hilarious.
A seig heil at 34:46
Yissssss this just popped up while browsing with my morning smoke.. perfect
Thanks dude. Made my morning
Wabbit is my all time favorite
mvp
I'm watching this with my 57 year old granduncle!
Who here remembers it being Loony Toons?
Got 4 joints rolled for each hour, goodnight..
This has ads, fuck that. There are plenty without.
Why is this video so heavily downvoted on youtube?
This is 4 hours 29 minutes and 41 seconds. I don't know what kind of sick game you're playing but you stood me up just to push me back down. 
I started watching these older episodes with my daughter recently. She's 2 years old and absolutely loves them. I used to watch all of these as a kid as well. Awesome to watch with her. Thanks for sharing. 
Love this show
mmm, nostalgia for childhood
Yes!
I've just been punched in the childhood.
I don't think I've ever savedone a post faster than today
Eh , Mel Blanc Voices
Hmm
Comment for later
I'm home with the flu.  This has been running in the background, because I'm too sick to move.  Thank you, lol.  My kids keep commenting on things that shock them, like references to jackasses, alcohol, guns, etc.  It's been a lot of fun to talk about when the cartoon came out, ties to propaganda in WW2, etc.  Definitely made my day less difficult!  Thanks!
Is this all of them? How many years does this cover?
Damn you weren't kidding 
It is absolutely mind blowing every time that I see just a few seconds of something that brings me back to my childhood, but I have watched the first hour of this and the entire hour has been moment after moment of memories from my childhood. I'm 28 and watched some of these episodes and almost every scene brings me back to almost every Saturday morning with my dad. One of my earliest memories is sitting on (what I would look like now to be 35 years old)  my dad's chair with him and watching the flintstones and/or the looney tunes. Thank you so much for bringing me back to a place I would never remember without you!
Watch the new one. It's hilarious
Confidentially, she stings! What does that mean?
Thank you
fuck you, OP.i mean this in a good way, sort of. im happy you posted it, but im sad im not going to get shit done tonight.
Have an upvote
Wonderful childhood memories.  Thank you.
Oh man.. poor Schultz!
Wooo, 4 1/2 hours of the cartoons I liked the least as a kid. Did you also mail me a box of grape nuts so I could sit around eating those while I watch?
I love you, bro
My favorite
Disclaimer on the dvd collection:>The cartoons you are about to see are products of their time. They may depict some of the ethnic and racial prejudices that were commonplace in American society. These depictions were false then and are still false today. While the following does not represent the WB view of society, these cartoons are being presented as they were originally created, because to do otherwise would be the same as to claim these prejudices never existed.
Protip: Looney Tunes was originally created for adults, much like South Park or Family Guy.
Can confirm. Just watch the third on the list 
Yup, it's not subtle.
You still can, kinda. Looney tunes are always shown in the morning on boomerang. Always watch it before I head to work. 
I had a large dachshund that would get up with me every Saturday morning and we would fight over this vent that was on the wall at the bottom of  the wall, for the heat it put out and we laid against it.  Anytime either one of us had to move for whatever reason, the other took the spot. Great times watching Looney Tunes with him.
https://youtu.be/OM6xvpzqCUA?t=3358
The world war 2 ones were the best.Bugs Bunny was super racist, but *Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips* is still a classic.Japs!  Hundreds of 'em!
See: *Animaniacs*
Thanks, that was a great episode!
Anything by Tex Avery is wonderful.We had an entire LaserDisk collection of Tex Avery cartoons.
One of my favs as a kid, thank you!Is there a lot of Tex Avery on vimeo like this?
Not when you're 10. 
There's no such thing as a *long* time. Time is just time. It never goes faster or slower and life is just choosing how to spend yours. Do whatever you love. If you wanna watch cartoons for the next 4 hours do it! I personally am going to spend *my* time huffing glue out a models anus. Different strokes for different folks. Life's beautiful like that. 
Yeah me too... [Dungeons and Dragons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YacKar7y3mc) was my favorite. Although the little kid with the club seemed like an asshole to me and the Dungeon Master seemed kind of oblivious. This is really one of those shows I wish would come back, but not if they make it silly like they did with Voltron.
22 is fairly young there little man.
Lol you're so old
Or Netflix 
Should he not be though? Is it actually legal for us to upload their content?  
There are DVD box sets. I have two. I got them as a gift from Best Buy a long time ago, but I'm sure you can find them online. 
I think it's just a bunch of random shorts out together.
I bet you're under 30
Would you like some tissues instead?  Sorry you weren't impressed by the free thing somebody put on the Internet.
We are all here to make each other's days betterthe wholesome revolution will wash over the internet like a warming sun riseIts tectonic inevitability is absolute 
Tana Mongeau's as well.
>these cartoons are being presented as they were originally created, because to do otherwise would be the same as to claim these prejudices never existedI have so much more respect for WB now.
Agreed but it still may put some people off if they're watching it with their small children. Could also present  a good opportunity to tell them why it's wrong. 
To think in a few decades they may be kids' shows
Oh I don't have cable or dish or anything. Not a big TV person. Netflix, youtube, and red box keep me plenty entertained. 
New
People very much dislike anyone hating on Animaniacs, but the craftsmanship just wasn't there. A lot of the exaggeration, timing was just sloppy and done wrong. I wanted to like it but couldn't after growing up with Looney Tunes.Edit: The Amazing World of Gumball gives me lots of faith. All the timings and expressions are so on point.
*wolf whistle*AWOOOGA 
In too fucked yo to know what that means please explain
Time totally does go faster and slower though. Its relative
Man...
So... how do you make sure the glue doesn't set inside the model's anus? 
I loved the D&D cartoon! I think the new Netflix Voltron is amazing! i very much enjoyed the new re-imagining of the Thundercats too though. Not many people took to that well.
Loved this cartoon.  I still remember the episode where True Evil was coming for them and Dungeon Master was teleporting them from place to place as even he was powerless against this.  I forget how they got out of that one, but I just remember how  much serious that one episode was compared to the rest of the series.
Some of these older cartoons have entered public domain. 
Nah, just too dim for the humor.
You make good words, friendo
Fuck that frog
That stuff flies over most kids heads.  We watched as kids and didn't grow up racist.  Never even gave it a thought. 
Im not sure why someone disagreed with you; it will happen. I mean,  pirates are kid friendly now.
I only have cable because it was cheaper to have it bundled with internet. That's how I know. But yeah I'm with ya, and it would be nice to have them on Netflix. 
Totally disagree with you on Animaniacs, but fuck it, have an upvote on me.
It means watching 4+ hours of cartoons on a Saturday morning is nothing for kid. 
[Ever seen this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3FZnD21iO0) Its a shame they didnt make more 
Source? 
He's not your friendo, paldo?
Sometimes I feel as if the composition of a comment should be forged with more dignity than the most simple methods.I especially like to use my most favored phrase from time to time.> tectonic inevitabilityI once thought I had coined it, until I heard the music of Ivo Malec described as such during a foray at the Grand Opera of old Wilmington.  Though disjointed in my lack of language pioneering, I was satisfied such a phrase was in use. Alas, writing like this makes you sound like a man of pompous attitude, prodigious proportions, and the belief that a  fedora is acceptable attire. 
Same here. I meant the adult in that situation may be put off although I'm sure most won't be. Just wanted to give a heads up to anyone sensitive to that type of thing. 
I watched it as a young boy and I grew up to be a racist. Could be because of my parents too though or any other influence. Just my experience though 
It's very loved and damn near sacred to many. But if you watch them side by side it's pretty clear.
Should I do that rn
LOL!!! Yes! i thought about linking this with my post about loving the D&D cartoon! So awesome!
here you [go](http://looneytunes.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Public_domain_films)
What's a paldo?
> Alas, writing like this makes you sound like a man of pompous attitude, prodigious proportions, and the belief that a fedora is acceptable attire. It's all about the context. I usually type/text how I'd speak and read others' comments in the same way, so during a casual conversation that could sound odd. But the way you used that phrase in your other comment didn't sound at all neckbeard-y. I mean, RamsesThePigeon often comments in a similar way and he's in the top 10 of comment karma. 
Haha! Whatever suits you! 
But it's not Saturday morning
Is there any Chuck Jones in it
It could be
Hella
I like how this guy is probably better then everyone who's going to comment on this video but so many people still feel the need to critique his pedaling. Firstly, I would be very surprised if someone that good didn't know how to use pedals properly. This was very likely a stylistic choice. Why not just enjoy something
So much sustain pedal
I was really ready to see what the next guy had in response, but the pressure it seems was too much
Guy needs to work on his pedal technique; all his measures are blending together. It would take a pianist of his caliber half a day to nail down the basics of legato pedaling. Otherwise it's totally badass riffing. I love it.
[My favorite from this guy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa837PCtXAQ)
METALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!
[Nightcore]
It always amazes me how every hobby has the extreme level of people who just took it up a notch.
^lyrics?
Sorry to be a dick, but as a pianist I get so frustrated with the hype these videos get. He's obviously talented - I love anyone who loves music and expresses themselves through it. BUT i feel like serious musicians are always overshadowed by gimmicky videos like this. I'd encourage anyone to take the time to look for (and truly appreciate) an actual transcription of this fugue for piano instead of someone who has mastered one or two parts of it and then loudly bangs a half-assed version of it out on the piano like that annoying kid in every music class that knows how to play the intro to A Thousand Miles
Wowzers 
Baroque? I think you mean Ba*rock*!
Beautiful
That's cool but wait til i make my video... I can play twinkle twinkle little star without labelling the keys now!
I think he's great. I play the piano myself and have played for 14 years, but i stopped playing when i passed my grade 7 exams after my freshman year of college. Why? Because i lost respect for a lot of the musicians around me. It wasn't about appreciating an art form, it was about criticizing and putting everyone else down to make yourself seem better, especially in front of people that haven't studied music. Yes, his pedal work isn't superb. But who cares. He's still very talented, and what he just did isn't something everyone can do. Just appreciate it. What's the point of studying music if all you do is talk down on others' hard work? 
Watched it twice. Got chills. 
[Here's also an interesting orchestral version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_4nnyUV_to)
Here's a [visualization of Toccata & Fugue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipzR9bhei_o) for people who haven't done enough music to be able to dissect the structure (ie, me). It gets going around 2:40.
SNIPER! Used to constantly watch there videos. They're very talented. [I absolutely love their boogie videos.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYhhQhtrlFI)
Jesus the speed, the passion, was concerned he was going to fall off his stool. Absolutely amazing! 
he deserves a better piano, something with a fuller tone.
Not that great. Watch a concert player and see the difference.
Toccata movement from Toccota and Fuge in d Minor from J.S. Bach with a little bit of Holding Out For A Hero, a hint of Meat Loaf's Anything for love and the theme from The Phantom of the Opera. 
The bench is not parallel to the piano
Well done! Good execution of music
Hey, that must be my upstairs neighbour!
Castlevania boss fight in D minor.
I liked that security guard who didn't know he was being recorded. It was posted on reddit 2 years ago but the Youtubers account got terminated.Reddit post - https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/330ew6/security_guard_in_georgia_is_caught_playing_piano/Mirror - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GypKPLPNyQoSong hes playing - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95N-SSuPHRg 
Holy hell have you seen this [boogie video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApdqaKqY818) by them?  My god I peed a little
This is more like the theme from Gyruss - https://youtu.be/SA1PERH9i8Q
I envy his pussy fingering potential
Bit heavy handed imo[This is better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvBGVXTWgmg)
The title's quite funny because he actually does not know how to play the instrument. His arrangement is How to impress people who don't know anything about the instrument without actually knowing much yourself 101. It's the musical equivalent of constantly referencing one of those novels that everybody reads in 10th grade and thinking it makes you a literary intellectual.Source: 7+ years of serious training as a classical pianist and a few more of just playing for fun.If you would like to hear a genuinely technically challenging piece played with the same level of excitement, perhaps start with something like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhLDse5R8dQ
Now do it on a pipe organ!
Awesome piano player, just not a good Baroque performer. I loved it still, dude killed it.
Is there a sub for piano playing videos like this? These occasionally pop up on videos then I usually just binge watch Tim Minchin for like 3 hours.  
The fugue has lost a bit of form.
[Vanessa Mae's version](https://vimeo.com/74480769)
all dat sustain pedal tho lol
The tuning makes me hurt
Correction, he knows how to play loudly and fast, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZsKI34_ZZI&spfreload) is a much better rendition. 
It was a bit shit
You missed a note.
you need to work on your commenting. your technique is lacking. you could go from good to great with just a little bit of work. 
...jeez dude, he played a bunch of arpeggios. Big deal
It's almost like you dont need to be better than someone to critique them
The pedals didn't bother me, but the 5 key slides did. Maybe 1 is fine, but 5? Come on that was annoying.
I question your actual knowledge of the piano when you say things like, I would be surprised if someone that good didn't know how to use pedals properly. This was very likely a stylistic choice. If you actually knew good piano playing you would question his use of pedals and his stylistic choice. It didn't sound good at all and very sloppy. Can't enjoy something that isn't good. Sure he's playing a whole bunch of notes really fast but there's okay at the piano and really good at the piano and that dude is just okay.
*than
He has no idea how to use it.
Are we going to call Metallica shitty guitar players because they use too much distortion? It's style and preference. 
*hand on piano* fuck, just end the video fam
Looks intentional to me. Dude knows how to play piano, I'm sure he knows how to use the pedal. He's obviously trying to make it sound like an organ in a big hall. 
> Guy needs to work on his pedal techniqueAh, Reddit, never change.
Wasnt the point to make it sound like an organ at a church? 
He's just dicking around. Hopping all over the place while he's playing. I'd be shocked if he didn't know how to use them properly
It's ok, but I thought [Fr Elise in ragtime](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCfGXwx1mJs) was better. It really swings. And he respects the whole piece.
[Warmen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XlNbQv_Rg4)
STEEEEEELLLLL
sniper22b | Bach - Toccata and Fugue [88k] +DT 100.00% 2109pp FC
He is a musician, not a hobbyist.
[Like speedbaggers who](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npZqCT-Quzo) can do it [to the music](https://youtu.be/KxXvvTHgw8s?t=22)
no, notes.
Art is whatever people make of it. Neither you nor any 'serious musician' has any right to dictate what people create or how anyone should enjoy it. You are not entitled to attention or compensation just because you feel you worked harder than someone else.Those that work to create something they love are never bothered by those that do the same.
you must hate going to dueling piano bars then.
Gabriel Montero's version of this is amazing. I'd rather listen to that.
wow, that's fantastic.  Is there a version for which keyboards you should be playing on (on a pipe organ).  Love this.
if we're talking rach, why not the rach 3? 
way too much use of the shift key imo. a commenter of his calibre could nail the technique with half a day's practice 
Savage.
Can't wait to see your video 
>It's almost like you dont need to be better than someone to critique themYou're right, that's only if you want to critique them properly.Otherwise you're critiquing something of which you have an incomplete understanding.This is the internet though, don't let us stop you.
[really good at the piano](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JXSfaAvafM)
i question your actual knowledge of time, space, and self awareness
So it was basically fast and loud but not much else? That's more or less all I got from it. 
He definitely does.. he just isn't very good at it. 
Yea he sucks! I can tell from this one video 
It worked quite well too, for my untrained ears at least. He made that room sound huge
Yeah, and I think that portion of the video sounded like ass. I can bang on the keys with great purpose and it will still sound like shit. The rest was great though, as he plays the rest without pedaling. The only other thing I noticed was the lack of attack control: much of the fugue section of the video was way harsh for someone of his skill. 
this is the most reddit thing ive seen in a while
That's the squarest, least hip music I've ever heard.
[Yngwie Malmsteen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbHc5i4O2tc)
Osu references on r/videos nice
And this guy, while very good (and probably better when he's not trying to go crazy in a video), is a ways off from the actual extreme level of people that take it up a notch in piano performance.
You couldn't tell the difference
Just like all of those sports analysts on TV that haven't ever actually played competitively, their opinion sucks because its not proper critique
or its a different sound and you all are fuddy duddies
I think the idea behind it is to make it sound a bit closer to an organ.
Yngwie playing in front of the orchestra and nodding to the conductor like that, with his completely unmusical, emotionless noise is like me going to Gordon Ramsey's michelin starred restaurant, pulling my trousers down and taking a dump on a plate and then nodding at Gordon as though defecating on a plate meant I was a chef too.
Please show me an extreme level piano performance. That sounds amazing.
yes... this guy is far, far away from being good on an academic level (which is under professional pianist and far below soloist).
Well if that's the case it sounds like ass.
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8alxBofd_eQ&ab_channel=medici.tv)
It definitely is amazing. I should also clarify that when I'm saying extreme level in comparison to the OP's video, I'm talking about artists that can play pieces that require a lot of technical precision and ability - the pianist in the OP, while obviously having some decent technical ability, was all over the place with his pedaling, didn't have a lot of depth to his dynamics, and was pretty sloppy/inaccurate with his note accuracy. To someone that's not familiar with playing piano he looks impressive, but in comparison to actual virtuosic pianists he has a long ways to go!Here are a few pieces and players that really show off the instrument and the pianist:[The overall note accuracy and dynamic control needed for Liszt's La Campanella is pretty extreme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY_eIIFqNxg)[Same pianist, one of Chopin's etudes (Check out a few others in the playlist as well, there are 24 total). Etudes are more based around mastering technical skills than overall musicality, and while Chopin's are fun to listen to, you can still tell what the pattern or skill being worked on in each of them is.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUVCGsWhwHU&list=PL2A21D72D569BA163&index=4)[Speaking of etudes, Liszt's Transcendental Etudes are a real monster...linked video is a full hour long performance of all 12, but  the first one shows off the player just fine.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sLnv0lroPo)[I'll also throw in Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2, as it has some pretty intense moments (but mainly just because it's one of my favorite pieces of music)](https://youtu.be/eyUM0JrM-qw?t=1m15s)
https://youtu.be/zSHwX2O7j2w
THe Op video looks like an organ player who isn't too familiar with the piano.  [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OW1PpojGiGU) is a pianist
[A difficult piece](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwVp7S59fO0) with some bonuses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSbCmSOGLaQ
[Fantasie Impromptu, Chopin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvm2ZsRv3C8)and beacause people always link either Chopin or Liszt, here's some [Asturias by Albniz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-P8BQVhOv5A)
[this](https://youtu.be/GQ-NAgDpRVs)
[This guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLKbHnUGps4) is an absolute animal. He goes by pianoimproman and streams here: https://www.twitch.tv/pianoimproman  [Kyle Landry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xefD_F0bqOc) is also great. He also streams: http://www.twitch.tv/kylelandrypiano
He reminds me of a friend I had in high school who could play piano decently, but had stopped taking lessons a few years back. He had the ability and the understanding to be really good, but lacked a lot of discipline and accuracy. A lot of the time if he sat down at the piano, he'd pull out something like this with a lot of simple arpeggiated flourishes that sounded cool, but the entire time he was playing he'd just be mashing the keys and abusing the sustain pedal to distract from the fact that his finger placement was sloppy and that he was really just repeating the same thing over and over again (not even what I would call variations on a theme - just playing the same melody, pounding away on the bass notes in two octaves, and throwing in the same arpeggiated run over and over again).I saw him again a few years after I had graduated and he had started up with lessons again (makes sense, considering he was majoring in piano), and the difference was night and day...crisp articulations, really impressive dynamic control, *super* accurate fingering. Amazing to see what a little practice can do for you.
holy shit. I can't even make my hands move that fast. 
That is obviously amazing. But is that even music? 
I can't help but wonder if she's incredibly bad at every other normal life skill...
That was beautiful
> But is that even music?Yes.
So in middle-high school, I knew/played with/went to music camps with many musicians who went on to attain professional levels of skill. I'm sure a select few of the friends I had and kids I played with could have been considered to have virtuoso/genius levels of talent, but on the whole, most of my musical friends didn't go on to become big-name soloists. That being said, it has been my overwhelming experience that the greater musical skill one has (especially if they developed or discovered their talent early on in life), the worse off their social skills are. Think about it this way. If you or your parents discover that you are gifted in playing the violin by the time you're 8, then suddenly you have Something You Are Good At. You practice because you're learning the techniques quickly, the teachers at school are praising you, and your parents seem to like it. Maybe you start getting private lessons outside of school. Suddenly you're feeling competitive about it. Nobody you know plays as well as you do, and that starts to feel pretty good. Now it's starting to become really fun to practice - you're a bit older, so you're relishing the challenges instead of dreading them. You've learned about famous violinists and are starting to develop opinions about their repertoire. Maybe you're tackling some full-length and advanced material in your lessons. Your private teacher suggests you try going to a music camp or joining a regional orchestra in order to raise the caliber of your experience, since you've long since surpassed the level of everyone at your middle school. You audition (a bit frightening, but the material was easy enough to learn) and are accepted, and then suddenly you are struck with the reality of Kids Your Age Who Play Better Than You. You've never encountered people like this before, and the only response you know is to obsessively practice to be better at them or to have played harder rep. by the next time you meet (because trust me - everyone knows each other in classical music). This cycle continues with the same feelings and different people until you realize that you've effectively isolated yourself from social interaction in order to practice for big solo competitions or orchestra auditions and suddenly you're 20 and have no idea how to successfully initiate a conversation with another human being that isn't about what your latest etude is or how the humidity is making it really hard to keep your D-string in tune this week. The competitive nature of the experience doesn't help, either. You won't be doing any of what you're doing for reasons like to make friends and have fun - unless you're the kind of person who doesn't care about being the best at everything you do (in which case, you'll end up like me and get edged out of the race by people who are willing to put in longer hours practicing to win auditions). So you'll end up seeming a little socially distant and hyper-focused on something most people either won't understand well enough to discuss with you or don't care about.
What do you mean? That piece isn't even [weird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=264HLeQIUv4) in the slightest
Well, it is not auditorily pleasing.
It's Flight of the Bumblebee by Rimsky-Korsakov.[Here's a different version.](https://youtube.com/watch?v=WzucpFgi7Xk)
[Try this one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSbCmSOGLaQ) A bit more tonal than Rimsky-Korsakov and equally as impressive. 
I love how the violinist behind her seems as impressed as me.
That's a clever construction and a very well illustraded short video!  
>By using three magnets, we can double the power of a single magnet!-Zapp Branigan
Oh cool. Witchcraft. My favorite.
This is how [magnetic bases](http://www.uniceusa.com/images/Magnetic%20Base.JPG) work. They're commonly used to hold [measuring equipment](http://img.directindustry.com/images_di/photo-g/18878-5321557.jpg). Multiple magnets are typically arranged on the 'on-off' switch, so that the user only need turn the lever 90 instead of 180.
https://youtu.be/IANBoybVApQ?t=388
at 0:15 I went deaf.
I wonder if he got that hole in his hand from magnets?https://imgur.com/94EQe3f
RIP headphone users
I freakin love magnets and I freakin love this video.
That is pretty awesome and now I want to make one
in your first picture...you have the top two magnets ss/nn above each other...do you know what happened to the field there?...as you just created an inertia line :)..the field has spun into the gap underneath the top magnet...you created a new crossover inertial line.....did you know that?...either way, very clever..good job man.
I would just like to point at a small company that i work for called Maglogix. Uses this concept and has production going. http://www.maglogix.com if anyone is interested.
This video needs a loud warning
0:12 R.I.P. Headphone Users
We use magnetic switches like this at my job. Now I know how the black magic works!
I enjoyed hearing the compression artifacts during the angle grinder bit.
Fuckin magnets
It was surprising to see the top attach facing both directions. It usually seems that turning a magnet around causes it to repel.
TIL how [Magswitch Mag Jigs woodworking accessories work.](http://www.infinitytools.com/saw-blades-accessories/table-saw/table-saw-jigs-and-guides/magswitch-featherboards-workholding/magswitch-magjig-150)
I've always wondered how none electric Magnets that can switch on and off work! We use them for lifting plate steel at work 
I guess that this doesn't reduce the amount of energy that is needed to get the object loose, right?
Dont touch the cut pieces right away without gloves.  Seen people get caught off guard by that.  
/r/EducationalGifs
That's pretty neat
You're like Primitive Technology but with magnets
Magnets are freaky once you think about it
ELI5?
COOL MAGNETS
Sorcery
What's your favorite hobby?MagnetsMagnets, ok, making magnets, collecting magnets?Just magnets.
Do they sell a product like this? I think it could make a lot of money.
Anyone know what material the switch container is made of?  That last circular bit at the top.
Magnetic Games I love this experiments with magnets
Three words for this magnet trick to work we have to wonder why we don't use magnets more.
Depending on how much force it takes to turn the switch, you might be able to make an engine out of this. Some sort of external mechanism to flip the switch and you could get a spinning shaft. 
If you start rotating bits some of them have to wonder why we don't use magnets more.
That's really cool, out of curiosity what applications could this be used for?
0:12 R.I.P. Headphone Users
And that's how that works.
When do we get to see poorly-scienced versions on Kickstarter? 
We use a giant version of these at my work for lifting press dies made of steel. The magnets can hold 600lbs and a bigger one can hold 1000lbs.
Are magnets like electricity. NS PN?
neat-o
Charlie kelly would love this.
Three words for this video, awesome, great and interesting.
Just realized you could make a Rubicks Cube out of these magnets.
Yo this is awesome!!!
Water. Fire. Air and Dirt [...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFzR_FOTq2I)
Wowwww Amazing Witchcraft My Favorite Device...
Oh, that's how it works.
He's like the primitive technology of science
About as close to magic as it gets.
That's mag-neat!
This is the reason i love Engineers. i wished to be an engineer but i am not  enough smart to do so btw thanks for this video.
is the thing on the top required?
Did u discover that?
The important question is where can I buy one of these? They must exist!
Where can I buy a cube of magnets like that?
So simple, yet thinking of the idea and making it a working idea; now that's something else. Fantastic. Cheers.
hi nice video
Very cool
0:12 R.I.P. Headphone Users
So that's how Tom Cruise scaled that building.
wish i didn't have headphones on listening to this 
Nintendo would like to know where they need to send the cease and desist letter to, OP.
Cool shit
Magnets and shit
Nintendo Switch?
why dont we use more magnetic stuff in our everyday lives...
in your first picture...you have the top two magnets ss/nn above each other...do you know what happened to the field there?...as you just created an inertia line :)..the field has spun into the gap underneath the top magnet...you created a new crossover inertial line.....did you know that?...either way, very clever..good job man.
Great video 
Stop.
That cut on the left hand looks infected.
Permanent 
> hello guys my name is magnetic games and today i will be showing you how to make a permanent magnet switch. i bought these two pieces of metal from home depot and they were actually made in mexico so please Trump don't build a wall. i got the magnets from some store. before we start i need to advise you on safety precautions when cutting metal......
This was one of those rare videos that I didn't have to watch at 1.5 or 2x speed. Kudos to the creator.
*Illustrated you mean
You mean...Zapp Branigan was right all this time?! 
Right, but when the magnets get more powerful you can't physically over power them without using the 3rd magnet to release them.  This really is pretty clever. 
Water, fire, air and dirtFucking magnets, how do they work?
So you're saying he's made of wood?
/r/Blackmagicfuckery
According to the wikipedia article they use a simpler design which only needs one magnet:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetic_base
I have used these bases a bunch and have always wondered how they work. These video was a great explanation of the mechanism and science. One of the few videos that I kept saying huh..cool throughout the entire video. 
Can you buy magnetic bases, and are there any fun or useful uses for them around the home?
Dumbass hereWhat does he mean when he says, This is going to forever change how doorknobs work. ?Edit: [Here's a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WX8NG0275R4) explaining how doorknobs work if anyone else is interested.
Holy shit that is straight magic.
To the top with you.
He's deliberately making a lot of noise with each thing he does, it's a trend in these kind of instructional videos over the last few years. Saw a video on how to make Turkish coffee and they had gained the sound of hot water being poured into the device so much that I almost hard a heart attack. 
It was more like 0:13 but I still lol'd
Probably got pinched by some magnets.
Still alive, but enrolling in sign language classes for next semester at the community college.
WHAT?!
quiet intro ok now lets cut to ANGLE GRINDING! 
Magnets.... magnets.... magnets.... ANGLE GRINDER.... Magnets... magnets...
Interesting!Not my video though. You should make this a comment on the YouTube video. :)
Stay off the internet. Not everything needs a warning, deal with life. 
We use them to pick up small transformers. I always wondered how they worked.
Only when you have two magnets against each other. It doesn't matter which pole you point towards a magnetisable material.
Plastic I think.
If you're asking if there's a connection between electricity and magnetism, yes.It's called electromagnetism, and they are both intrinsically linked.
If you start rotating bits some of them have to start repelling each other.
[Video of similar cube magnets.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5EsdAjLCiA)[Product page at K&J Magnetics \(approx. $2 per magnet\)](https://www.kjmagnetics.com/proddetail.asp?prod=B666-N52)
dealextreme
Yeah we should use then in stuff like, I dunno, computers phones speakers TVs air conditioners cars fridges washing machines and virtually all modern tech. Would be cool to find a use for magnets for all those things and more, I also have to wonder why we don't use magnets more. I assume you were being sarcastic btw.
There was a TED talk some years back from two inventors who showed off all kinds of gimmicky stuff. My favourite idea of their was to use a magnetic layer in the soles of shoes, so you could pin a metal sheet on your wall and simply hang the shoes on that instead of using a shelf or floor space. Really neat idea if you ask me.
Hammer Time.
No it doesn't, Dr Dingus.
That stapler looks like a whale.
Mark of a man.  Not some sissy hands.  This guy can probably change his own oil and fix shit around the house instead of calling the plumber, or some handy-man.
It's fucking LUPUS cunt
Assuming this isn't a joke,  permanent refers to the magnets that he used to make the switch.  They are rare earth metals (rare earth, not rare earth) that have bad their molecules aligned si that they produce a uniform (and quite strong) magnetic field. This is in contrast to temporary magnets, which align to create a magnetic field only in the presence of an external stimulus, or electromagnets, which use current flowing through a wire coil to induce a magnetic field. 
Magnet
You forgot the pre-intro that a lot of these kinds of channels are doing now:>WHATSUPYOUTUBEWELCOMEBACKTOMAGNETICGAMES! Today we've got this awesome magnet switch \*click\*. Wanna know how it works? Stick around after the intro to find out! \*cue long Adobe After Effects intro splash with loud techno/dubstep music\*
>WHAT'S HAPPENING MAGNET NATION
but first don't forget to comment like and share with your friends for more magnetic games
Magnet Games? Sounds like some code name of a new DC Comics supervillain.
If you liked this video don't forget to smash that subscribe button and like me on Twitter and Instagram. That's all thanks and see you next time. (At the end of 8 minutes).
Don't forget to subscribe and smash that motherfucking like button!
He was right about many things, mainly what the most erotic part of a woman is.
Dirt fucking magnets?
Tide goes in, tide goes out. How do you explain that?
Only if they weigh more than a duck
He turned me into a newt!
Magnets don't stick to wood. The magnets didn't stick to him. Checks out.
Yup, all you really need to do is block it with a piece of iron.
https://youtu.be/lQpOT2CclF8?t=39
You can use them (and a dial indicator) to check if your brake disks are warped. 
Of course you can buy them. Try looking at harbor freight, McMaster-Carr, or any website geared towards machining/industry. At home, I don't have many magnetic surfaces outside of the workshop, so I don't use it around the home. The only time I've used it that comes to mind is when I used it as a thermometer stand on my stove top.
I've seen them go from about $15 to over $50 for decent ones. You can use them to hold cameras, lights, gaging instruments, and many other things. I used one as a base for a mist coolant system and a Ram mount for a Gopro. Finding magnetic bases is the easy part. The hard part is finding an arm that's reliable, stiff, and easy to use. Noga's arms are some of the better ones for gaging tools, but there are nicer ones for cameras.
by removing the need for a latch and instead holding doors shut with magnets.  you turn the lock one way and the magnet shuts off and the door opens freely, turn it the other way and the magnet in the door and frame lock together making it impossible to open the door short of tearing the frame apart.  
You're not a dumbass. I also can't think how this would revolutionise a doorknob. They're pretty efficient already.. Turn to open. A spring returns the latch to the same place, which will then relatch on the striker plate.  
Gotta get those ASMR views
Is his thumb a toe?
We use then to hold aerospace parts while we measure them at different angles. 
Yeah I realized that as I slept on the idea. Oh well
Yes! Thank you. 
The function/application of a magnet in electronics is different than the kind of application shown in this video.
WRONG. SAD. 
Really kinda does.
Sure, but that doesn't really help you when you have to amputate your hand after it spreads.
Who cares
That was very interesting, I did not know that.  
molecules
>Guys in order for this magnet trick to work we have to reach TEN THOUSAND LIKES, i know that sounds insane but if you just scroll down and SMASH that like button right now we can do it!
And why is it always what's up?  Why that specific greeting?
MagNation
He is the man with no name.Zapp Brannigan, at your service.
Ah yes, the boobies.
Magnets, probably 
A NEWT?
I wonder if I could use it to lock the fridge from ankle biters.
What if I have a stronger magnet than the door has
I was thinking kitchen cabinet doors or pocket doors.
[ASMR? BUT WHAT'S THAT?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1EXJoIntlk)I don't even know if the video is a useful source but it was the first time I'd ever heard of ASMR so that's what I'm going with.
He's got Trump tiny hands syndrome.
It looks like it was a bigger cut and it's healing. It's fine and totally normal.
what. That is such a small wound. 99.999999% chance it will heal on it's own and if it doesn't he has got weeks to go to the a doctor.
>and don't forget to ding that bell so you don't miss any more of our videos!
[HELLO'TUBES](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O2aH4XLbto)
Well I got better
any sort of locking mechanism installed high enough would work for that. You can probably find one for a buck or 2 at your hardware store. [hook and eye](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/31wK7GZossL.jpg)
Then you would need to know exactly the orientation of the switch in the lock and specially design a magnet specifically for each lock you want to get past. Might as well just break the window at that point.
Pretty reasonable explanation, with some comedy mixed in. I mean ultimately it's a pretty weird concept, so despite the fact that a lot of people might find it relaxing, they might also feel uncomfortable talking about it. 
The Godwin's law states that As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Hitler approaches 1.I think it's safe to say the recent equivalent of that would be a comparison to Trump. 
>have you guys ever played with magnets? leave a comment down below letting me know
Looks kind of trashy. I like the idea of a magnetic base I can overlap between the side of the door and the fridge to stop the children from eating everything in there with sugar in it at night. And in the day time I can put the base in the cupboard on top of the fridge, without leaving any drill or bolt marks behind.
I think you just compared trump to hitler, therefore invoking Godwin's law
Lol Creeds face
with whom
Yeah I did it. 
Ah yes, the lost art of the single entendre.
It is actually pretty amazing how many phrases were used back then, like cum, nuts, titties, cockFull lyrics:I got nipples on my titties, big as the end of my thumbI got somethin' between my legs'll make a dead man comeOh daddy, baby won't you shave 'em dry?Now, draw it out!Want you to grind me baby, grind me until I crySay I fucked all night, and all the night before babyAnd I feel just like I wanna, fuck some moreOh great God daddyGrind me honey and shave me dryAnd when you hear me holler baby, want you to shave it dryI got nipples on my titties, big as the end of my thumbDaddy you say that's the kind of 'em you want, and you can make 'em comeOh, daddy shave me dryAnd I'll give you somethin' baby, swear it'll make you cryI'm gon' turn back my mattress, and let you oil my springsI want you to grind me daddy, 'til the bell do ringOh daddy, want you to shave 'em dryOh great God daddy, if you can't shave 'em baby won't you try?Now if fuckin' was the thing, that would take me to heavenI'd be fuckin' in the studio, till the clock strike elevenOh daddy, daddy shave 'em dryI would fuck you baby, honey I'd make you cryNow your nuts hang down like a damn bell sapperAnd your dick stands up like a steepleYour goddam ass-hole stands open like a church doorAnd the crabs walks in like peopleOw, shit!Ooh! Baby, won't you shave 'em dryA big sow gets fat from eatin' cornAnd a pig gets fat from suckin'Reason you see this whore, fat like I amGreat God, I got fat from fuckin'Eeeeh! Shave 'em dryMy back is made of whaleboneAnd my cock is made of brassAnd my fuckin' is made for workin' men's two dollarsGreat God, round to kiss my assOh! Whoo, daddy, shave 'em dry
What does shave em dry mean?
There were tons of dirty songs from then, they just weren't always recorded.Another favorite is Jelly Roll Morton singing about [fucking bitches till their pussy stunk and snakes crawling up their asses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxkvu_gWlQI).
People have always been kinda gross. I love it
Never mind the lyrics, that was fucking adorable when she lost it and started laughing at:> Your goddam ass-hole stands open like a church door and the crabs walks in like people
I always wondered whether The Rolling Stones used the phrase make a dead man cum after hearing this song or one like it.  (It was common for certain popular lines to show up in many blues/jazz songs)
*sigh* (unzips)
I am 12 years old and I love this song
[Is this the same Woman BB King named Lucille after?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y8QxOjuYHg)
So not much has changed in...
Apprently this was one of her last [recordings]  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucille_Bogan). > Her final recordings with Roland and Josh White include two takes of Shave 'Em Dry, recorded in New York on Tuesday, March 5, 1935. The unexpurgated alternate take is notorious for its explicit sexual references, a unique record of the lyrics sung in after-hours adult clubs.It then goes on to say that she appears not to have recorded after 1935.                
Here's a more recent cover by the [Asylum Street Spankers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5JoDfi2KFk).
[Copulatin' Blues](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fkbRS9I55M)
I love this cover by the [Asylum Street Spankers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5JoDfi2KFk). 
no way some of these songs can be real.
Ah the Lil' Kim of the 1930s
Appropriate last name
Weirdest fap of my life 
*> I got nipples on my titties*
Who is singing it?
Like this if you are listening to this in 2017
Now this is music I can get behind. And in front of. And on top of.  Honestly I'll have it any which way.  
Better than most of the songs that came out last year.
Now this is music I can get behind.And in front of.And on top of.Honestly I'll have it any which way
It almost makes modern 'dirty' songs sound nuanced.  
I just spit on my keyboard hahaha
Does she/does anyone know of a song by a female artist from this time where she mentions fucking them like a cathedral steeple or something along the lines?
I'm pretty sure that if your godam asshole stands open like a church door you might need to see a proctologist.
Are lice waking into his asshole!?
Shaving 'em dry means getting right down to fucking with no foreplay, before she's had a chance to get wet.Source:. I'm an old fuck.
No one knows what it means but it's provocative. Gets the people goin.
They're wet, and you gotta shave 'em so they get dry.  
I'm gonna show this to anyone who complains today's music sucks, it's all about partying and sex, no substance blah blah blah
Haha I love how he starts of by saying that the song isn't that smutty. 
A little bit newer, and a touch more subtle, but I especially like 'If I can't Sell It, I'll Keep Sitting On It'. In theory she's selling a chair...   ;)
Yep! I grew up in the 80s and 90s and always romanticized about older eras. Older shows from the 50s and 40s always seemed very clean and very innocent to me. I was under the impression that Everyone lived like they did on Leave it to BeaverWell I was wrong. 
Yeah that's definitely my favorite part, I'm glad someone else noticed it! 
I don't believe you. 
Get back to that fucking homework, son!
> In the winter of 1949, King played at a dance hall in Twist, Arkansas. The hall was heated by a barrel half-filled with burning kerosene, a fairly common practice at the time. During a performance, two men began to fight, knocking over the barrel and sending burning fuel across the floor. The hall burst into flames, and the building was evacuated. [1]> > Once outside, King realized that he had left his guitar inside so he went back into the burning building to retrieve his beloved $30 Gibson guitar. King learned the next day that the two men that started the fire had been fighting over a woman who worked at the hall named Lucille. King named that guitar, and every guitar he subsequently owned, Lucille, as a reminder never again to do something as stupid as run into a burning building or fight over women.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucille_(guitar)
In the title of video,  Lucille Bogan
Le wrong generation
I dont get it
> And your dick stands up like a steeple Your goddam ass-hole stands open like a church doorDo you mean this line from the song?
Especially if the crabs walk in like people.
So much wisdom in our older redditors. 
So you remember a time when shave em dry was a thing? That's actually pretty interesting on how terms like that just disappear over time 
Wait what?  You're supposed to wait?
BALL SO HARD
No it's not, it's disgusting
Wat?
Everyone remembers the greatest hits of their favorite era/genre/whatever.  You don't generally pay attention to the shit stuff for too long.  Concert music (aka classical music) had a lot of ass n' titties in it too.  A lot.  
>today's music sucks, it's all about partying and sex, no substance blah blah blah I think the difference is that today that stuff is in the mainstream, and back then this was considered underground. This is like the stuff you find on bootleg VHS, whereas nowadays you hear lyrics similar to this on stuff you can buy at Walmart. 
Well the difference is, these songs were considered pornography and for bad you know whats. The concept of children or even non you know whats being exposed to it was certainly not allowed.
Considering the user has a 5 year old account, pretty safe to assume he's lying...least I hope so
Thanks much!
I can't quite figure out the le wrong generation criticism. Is it really that bad people prefer some older music over what is common today? Why do they deserve to be mocked and shamed for that? Why is there a subreddit dedicated to making fun of people for that preference? 
A double entendre is when you say something that alludes to sex without actually saying anything dirty. Like, I'm gonna rock you all night long. (Basically listen to anything by AC/DC)Therefore, a single entendre is implied to be outright talking about sexual acts. This woman is singing about nipples as big as her thumb and a thing down there that could make a dead man cum. There's no second layer to decode. It's just graphic sex.
 A double entendre is a phrase that has two different meanings based on context, one of which might be dirty. By extension, the single entendre only has one meaning, and in this case it's absolutely dirty. 
Uhhhh oops. That'd be it.I've been looking for this song for years after learning about it in university. I didn't see the line in the lyrics!
Damn skippy, son.
I'm nearly 50 and I've never heard that term.  I assumed she wanted her dude to shave his balls. 
This guy gets it.
He's referencing a song. Niggas in Paris - Kanye West, Jay Z 
They're wet, and you gotta shave 'em so they get dry.
Throughout time people have complained about the youth/culture of the youth. In the 1600's, people were saying the youth had never been so saucy. Hell there were people complaining about youth not reading enough B.C.E.! These complaints are nothing new, haha
This song is still considered pornography and for good reason. It's tagged NSFW
>  The fact that people who listen to older songs tend to feel superior and special just because they listen to older songs. The subreddit is mainly people who thought the same way when they were younger and realized how stupid they were and make memes about them now / have a laugh at 12 year olds on youtube because they remind us of ourselves. :) 
No, le wrong generation is about people who say things like all music sucks these days, I miss *insert era they weren't alive for/a part of*
If you can't find something recent that you don't like, you aren't looking hard enough 
It's not for people preferring certain kinds of media over others. It's for people who have media preferences and then hold it over other people's head as though their choice of media consumption makes them superior. There's having tastes and preferences, and then thinking that your tastes and preferences are superior, or make you a superior person. The first is normal. Add the second half and people receive mockery. Most people can understand that they like certain kinds of music from certain eras, but that music from other eras and other genres also have merit. They're just not appealing to that person. Then you have people who insist music from a certain era was somehow the peak of human musical composition and that everything produced since then has been garbage. These people normally ignore the fact that after time passes, only the most popular and best musicians remain and that in any era, the majority of music didn't get anywhere and died. People who listen to classical music standards or classic rock standards are listening to the most popular or best artists of an era and assuming that EVERY performer in that era was like it. This leads to being born in le wrong generation where you experience nostalgia for something you never experienced.This becomes even more irritating when people with specific tastes decide that their musical tastes make them better people. Or that there is such thing as 'superior' musical tastes. You will notice this among people who insist they only listen to classical music and proclaim that it is the peak of human musical achievement and everything that's not classical music is un-classy and therefore, inferior. Or people who only listen to classic rock and insult anyone who listens to contemporary pop. Like the user above. Who seems to think that just because a song is old automatically makes it better than 'most of the songs that came out last year'. There is no way that the poster even listened to all of the songs produced last year, considering how many million there are to make that assessment. I have no doubt that when they said 'most songs last year', they were actually saying 'most mainstream pop songs last year I heard and disliked'. That is why the poster is being mocked. They're not being mocked for liking older music. They're being mocked because they think that just because a song is old makes it better than the majority of music produced recently. And that liking old music somehow makes them special.
Nothing, if they would have said better than x y z that came out last year youd have a better point. It's probably more of the generalization that most music of this day is bad.
No it's just a myopic viewpoint that usually is based around the misconception that all new music is what you hear in radio and commercials. The reason old music is better is because the bad music people used to make just doesn't survive. The great ones do. 
Nothing, if they would have said better than x y z that came out last year youd have a better point. It's probably more of the generalization that most music of this day is bad.
I hate to be *that guy*, but I'm gonna be *that guy*.    > A double entendre is when you say something that alludes to sex without actually saying anything dirty. Like, I'm gonna rock you all night long.    What you're referring to is a a **sexual inuendo**; a form of double entendre.  Double entendres don't have a sexual connotation; although sexual inuendos are probably the most common use of double entendres. A double entendre is simply one phrase that has two different meanings.
I'm glad you found the old dirty song you were looking for lol
Take your up votes and 23 skidoo! 
But she said shave *ME* dry
I'm referencing the same thing, the audio sample from the movie Blades of Glory.e: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LApR3tz9aScreddit's reference game not on point smh
Wat? 
Well yeah but it does not say you are a you know what for hearing it.
An important reason for lsitening to [Sakura Gakuin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGN36wU0_Kk) is that the whole concept would have pissed my 16 year old self seriously off
>Or that there is such thing as 'superior' musical tastes. You will notice this among people who insist they only listen to classical music and proclaim that it is the peak of human musical achievement and everything that's not classical music is un-classy and therefore, inferior.This is a tricky point to make. Yes, I agree with you partially. However the interesting thing is that I could easily go on youtube and a find a song that 99.9 percent of everyone will hate. So I simply can't agree that all music is exactly the same. I can say that me playing one note and recording that is less superior compared to let's say a Beatles song or a Radiohead song or just about a millions different artists there. There's some point where I can't pretend that everything is subjective. Some things just are better. 
Personally I listen to music from any time period and I never even paid attention to that, however it just seems excessive that there's an entire subreddit dedicated to making fun of these people. 
Didn't want to get too wordy for the guy that didn't get it.
Not just a dirty old blues song. Shes historically significant in the fact she was the first black blues singer to be recorded outside of NY/Chicago!I'd found her but I'd never been able to find the singular song with the specific line! You sir, are a very good man.
Not just a dirty old blues song. Shes historically significant in the fact she was the first black blues singer to be recorded outside of NY/Chicago!I'd found her but I'd never been able to find the singular song with the specific line! You sir, are a very good man.
Oh gotcha, I haven't seen that movie in a long time. Cheers
They're wet, and you gotta shave 'em so they get dry.
I'm pretty sure if I heard I got nipples as big as the end of my thumbs in any song I'd assume the person was a weirdo. And I listen to weird shit. 
Oooohh.Wat?
This has always been my favorite one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cfdbw9paC0
All of Halo 3's live action videos were phenomenal. 
I don't care what anyone says, ODST was a great game!
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKG1nvV1Wnc) one always gives me chills. Chopin's music was such a good fit.  
[y'all ain't remember the first GOW trailer?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccWrbGEFgI8)
Gotta love xbox 360's epic gun fight ad that never aired.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNuRQmvykwk
another [xbox commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyDMqdzPKb8) favorite that never aired.
The Strafe trailer was pretty great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ef_41JpwqdE
Hoy meets boy lmfao, gets me every time. 
Henry Hobson has some master pieceshttps://vimeo.com/141348241https://vimeo.com/72057245https://vimeo.com/202061745https://vimeo.com/40377964
This StarCraft 2: Legacy of the Void commercial is my favorite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_XwzBMTJaMIt's so good that it gives even Zerg fans like me the chills.
This one was memorable as well:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwtr_-4vz6gAlong with the live action remake:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUksUq1EzMM
[Sacrifice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nzq9epS2b1A) trailer, for Star Wars: The Old Republic.I don't even play the games, but i still come back to watch this every few months. Thrilling.
I am your shield, I am your sword 
0:20 guy behind him has a Hitler stache 
I'm going to leave [this](https://open.spotify.com/album/2tneg9YykkpZyP1vKSC2P8) here for the few of you who sat up straight once the commercial started. You know who you are.
This commercial made me try the game. Unfortunately, not my thing. But the commercial was still there. The hype was still there. Found middle ground picking up the novels. A bit hit and miss, but the good ones are f-ing awesome.
I'm still in favor of the strafe video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ef_41JpwqdE
Halo always has the best commercials
Oh shit man.. Never seen this before. Amazing.
Just give me the music Bungie! I want that damn song! 
I always found it weird when the live action ads were so grey and muted, meanwhile one of the things that set Halo apart as a franchise was it's vibrant use of colour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdfFnTt2UT0I'm a pretty big fan of Eve Online's This is EVE video.
I agree, one of my favourites too. Also I'd imagine that more faithful adaptation of Starship Troopers would be closer to this than the first film.
Yeah but why were they dropped in no man's land instead of their objective.  I've always questioned the UNSC's strategy. 
Still gives me goosebumps
Holy shit, I wonder what the budget was on this
That was awesome, here are a few i love watching, some cinematics, some trailers but awesome work from them.[Lost ark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8MPRzTONUE), [League of legends Ele Lux Skin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjrfYZsZLJA),[World of Warcraft Warlords of Draenor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWQoBTxSQ2M),[League Warwick trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsnDbealN9E) , Just a few i can recall that looked awesome
[I always like the trailer for Valiant Hearts.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP8q5F6dFqQ)
Interesting how Halo has kinda faded into the background. I've always wondered if it would stand the test of time like Mario or Zelda has. I'm not so sure it will. 
What badass troops.And I killed them for ammo in Halo 3
gives me goosebumps every damn time, If ODST's existed Id volunteer today. 
Great metaphor for the death of Halo as we knew it back then.
just finished watching Independence day resurgence and this commercial beats it hands down 
**WHEN THE WHOLE BLOODY WORLDS GONE CRAZY!**
What I don't understand is why the Chimera present seem to cheer for Michael even tho the whole point of Resistance is to kill all the Chimera.
Sorry but that paratrooper was a total cringe. At the beginning of the video it looks like he drops from a tree, he's wearing an 82nd Airborne patch but tells a story from Omaha Beach.... He's also stupid young to a Master Sergeant, and being in that kind of combat would probably require him to be a First Sergeant. It was a super cool video, but that just kinda struck me as weird lol good share
If they had let Neill Blomkamp direct, that's what the Halo movie would've been like. His camera tests for the feature became [this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yp5jN6kRO0)
I can see how why people wouldn't like it, but also though it was great. I just loved the overall feeling of the game. 
I still have the Superintendent chime as the text tone on my phone.
I spent so much time playing firefight in that game, I had all of Buck's (Nathan Fillion's) quips memorized. Such a great game. I feel like that was one of the earlier instances of horde mode but I could be wrong...
[Then Epic did a great parody of it for their game Bulletstorm.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgWoXu5fhn0)
Yes. Fucking goosebumps when I see this add. Might have to go boot up MCC now.
Beautiful
[heres a better quality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0VOM7e5Hug)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59P6mN1JSsE
Blizzard has been making great trailers for a long time.This is one of my favoriteshttps://youtu.be/vlVSJ0AvZe0
The thing I've always loved about SC2 cinematics is how much actual gameplay bits they throw in them.
[Here](http://halome.nu/odst) you go boss :)
Glorious
Reach was pretty awesome. Never forget the all powerful Bungie made ODST.
rip ghost ill press f for you any day
Because without Michael they would have no reason to exist at all.
lol good input lol shut up
For some reason his rank stuck out to me too, but you're reading waaaay too in-depth to this man.  It's just supposed to illustrate a soldier, for a Playstation commercial.  On the other hand though, it's cool you can apply that knowledge!  Just comes across a certain way sometimes
Xbox fan^
He has a good eye for detail, but I always felt Blomkamp was the wrong guy for Halo.
Groundbreaking stuff for early 2000s. Loved that video
Brilliant.
