I actually asked a truck driver the other day about this. He told me that when the trailer is empty, it acts as a huge sail getting blown around. Pretty scary
Wyoming wind sock-http://i.imgur.com/XVfsclN.jpg
This deliberate targeting of police officers has to stop!
Damn, hope there was no one in the cop car.
Really, really bad timing.
Trucker should have heeded the wind warnings. 
Why is this NSFW? No one was injured.
STORY: Finn says wind gusts were nearly 70 mph around 3 p.m. Tuesday when the crash occurred. A high wind advisory was in effect prohibiting commercial vehicles on I-80 between Rawlings and Laramie.Fortunately nobody was in the police car or it would have been a lot worse.There were 3 truck crashes total. No one was injured. 
1) the driver did not heed the wind conditions as has been said over and over.2) even worse he did not move over to the left lane when he spotted the emergency vehicle. The reason it is a law to move over when an emergency vehicle is to prevent shit like this from happening. Doesn't matter if it's a cop or a pulled over snow plow. You move over in case someone steps out close to the lane and gets hit. 
Fuck da police - Mother Nature
Just this week a tractor-trailer was blown off the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in VA into the water because of high winds.
Meteorologist here. The dangerously strong winds Wyoming often experiences are a consequence of a unique pressure gradient across the state; in the East, Nebraska sucks, while to the West, Idaho blows.
Anyone have any tips for the driver?
WTF is with the NSFW tag in this post. It was the wind blowing over the truck.
What would something like this do to a truck drivers career?
I live in Wyoming. There is a road/highway in my town that at least two times per year has semis blown completely off the road, it's almost a normal occurrence. In the winter it frequently (twice a week) blows around 60mph because the mountains funnel the already substantial wind on to this busy road.
Wyoming, more like I wanna-go-Homeing
No ticket for you today. 
What was the damage to the car? I'd assume the trailer gave in on the wall, not the car being pancaked, especially since its empty
wind energy anyone?You can fill up the entire state with wind turbines. It's not like there are any skyscrapers getting in the way in Wyoming.
Check out any photos/videos of trucks getting blown over in [Wreckhouse, Newfoundland, Canada](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVPFyIFO4dc). Basically porn for this kinda thing.
> adding that the two occupants in the truck thankfully escaped without injury as well. thankfully makes it sound like you wish they hadn't made it. 
That police car must've known too much about the Clinton family.
Just my initial reaction - if this is a stretch of highway where extreme high winds is common (or at least not rare) wouldn't there be a need to create a dampening structure to deflect it?  I'm no engineer but my thought was of an artificial tunnel, perhaps?
This gave my local newscasters an opportunity to give expert driving advice. Don't do this.
I landed on the top of a police car; and he died.--Arlo Guthrie, The Motorcycle Song 
I was driving on I-80 through Wyoming and the cross-winds ripped the brand new tonneau cover off my pickup truck.  I was so pissed.  The WY winds are no joke.
Holy shit, was anyone in the cop car?
[removed]
It's funny because that was probably the only cop car for 100 miles
NSFW? This is playing everywhere on tv.
The Universe decided you didn't deserve a ticket that day
Man. Sometimes the universe just wants you to die. 
God: FUK DA POLICE
Why is this NSFW? Nobody was hurt.
I live in Wyoming, that's about right here. We have big electronic signs in the towns along I-80 that come on when the wind is too strong for empty trucks. Some of them don't listen and this happens, then they get in a shit load of trouble for ignoring the signs. They actually have road barricades that come down during the winter when it's snowing with bad winds because it's too dangerous for even cars to traverse because people were ignoring the signs.
Fuck the police 
Truck is tired. Truck must sleep now. 
What the fuck happened to the cop?
O wow that's going to leave a mark.......on the road. 
Pow right in the kisser
This is the vehicle version of a drunk person failing to walk straight.
Is he died? (Police officer)
that's some final destination shit.
there is no way empty trailer did pancake of police car it must be inside the trailer but still good thing that nobody was in car
Happens a bit out here on the I-80 from UT to WY. That's most likely where this was taken from.
Like a glove.
that is extremely unlucky
I did live in Wyoming foot years,  I did see where a mobile home was picked up at the top of red canyon and thrown over the fense, it was demolished against the cliff.
Saw this happen in Colorado years ago. The truck actually fell down the side of the mountain and my dad stopped to help (He was a Security Police Sergeant in the USAF at the time). The driver had a couple of broken bones but the truck needed a Chinook to be pulled the 300 or so feet it had slid down the mountain. 
That's one way to get out of a ticket.
This is SFW. There's no one in the vehicle, as the original post by the highway patrol states, the officers were out assisting other motorists. The 2 guys in the truck were fine too
How is this not safe for work?
Cruiser was unoccupied http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/02/11/semi-truck-crushes-wyoming-cop-cruiser-in-viral-video.html
The real WTF is why they put quotes around thankfully 
why NSFW?
So am I free to go or....
Omnomnom
The odds of this....
Trucks blow over alllll the time here in Wyoming, it's very common to see them on their side when you get on the highways. Not always onto State Trooper vehicles though. Glad they were out of their cars.
A scene edited from Smokey and the Bandit 2?
This is why you move over for emergency vehicles, people!
Truck the police!
Damn I'm glad that car was empty..
Paneling on that trailer is paper thin, doubtful anyone inside the cruiser was crushed, not really nsfw
Fuck 12
Just drove through Wyoming couple weeks back through i80. man what a wind state. the snow from the ground blowing over the highways making it impossible to see the divide lines. flipped trucks and car everywhere. Wind blocks set up on the side of highways formile and miles
Surprisingly this is not an uncommon occurrence, although they usually dont land on anything.
three stars
#CopCarsMatter
Were there people in the cop car?
it's like watching a dinosaur collapse
Ayyyeee I live in wyoming and i legitimately talked to a highway patrolman that was there like 2 hours ago at sams club
It's safe for work,  the car was empty,  no one was hurt. 
I really hope the officer was not in his patrol car, because they are definitely not OK.
Why is this nsfw? No one was in that cruiser. 
How is this in any way nsfw?
That's a crazy way to get out of a ticket!
Video looks like when the helicopter hits the building in the matrix. The car looks more like a balloon about to pop than a rigid piece of metal. 
Tired of scrolling.. Did he die or what???? 
That was not the wind but god himself damning that cop car to oblivion.
So was anyone in the cop car?
I wonder from a legal standpoint if there was someone in the police car that were injured or killed with the driver of the truck be liable up to even manslaughter charges
is there anything volvo (as a manufacturer) could have done in order to save the situation? introduce new technologies of course, but what is it? 
Wyoming resident here, yep.
This is why cops shoot.
Damn. I'd feel like I was being targeted by the universe. Thankfully no one was hurt but still... the odds of that? 
This is by far the most creative method to get out of getting a ticket I have ever seen.
Does anyone know if the person in the police car survived?
Great thing the truck was white or he'd be getting 25 to life.
W feel like we need audio with this gif. I suggest [this](https://youtu.be/c5fts7bj-so?t=3m35s) at the moment of impact. 
good aim.
Well that was a freebie
Looks like he's getting out of the ticket
the title omitted a slight detail
100 points.
I'm soooo tiiiiired
We're in a truck...
...and that was the second time I got crabs.
He ded?
That's a normal day in Windy Wyoming.
So did he still get a ticket?
Wind, aid me in preventing this ticket!
Lived in Wyoming for five years and I hate, hate, HATE that stretch of road. The wind is strong, the road is icy, and then you got idiot drivers ignoring all the adjusted speed limits.
Someone dodged a speeding ticket
This is why Wyoming taxes wind.
onto cop car should have been part of the title. 
It should never be empty. I would think there is always stuff having to go in your direction.
Whoops
I'm from Wyoming and though tipping over is rare, rigs driving off the side of the road is not.  Wind, ice, fog, you name it.  The record I've seen is 3 semi's driving off the road at the same place, on the same day.  Wish I took a picture because it was a funny sight.  No one got hurt because these drivers are freaking amazing and know how to handle this kind of situation.  Still, stuff like this is just another day in Wyoming.
No one in the cop car, so why nsfw?
Damn, that car gets flattened 
Serious question; if we get rid of the cop car from this scenario, and the driver corrects by pulling right (instead of left as seen in the video), does the truck still tip over? Is steering towards the tipping side the proper recovery maneuver?
Ive got him! Run while you can!
[Relevant](https://i.imgur.com/6ahBZ3y.jpg)
Please tell me the cop wasn't sitting in the car so I feel better.
Little America highway.. 
Wyoming (and a decent number of other states) have high wind problems frequently. For that reason, highways are sometimes closed to high profile vehicles that are in danger of tipping over. When a trucker pretends he's fully loaded and drives anyways, shit like this happens. Cheyenne earlier this week has sustained winds from 45 to 60 MPH, with gusts up to 80 MPH. That'll knock over all kinds of vehicles.
Drive an RV now... Can confirm, like walking crosswind with a full sheet of plywood. 
Heck, I drove a 2/3 size Mazda Bongo when I was about 20 and being like a bread-box on wheels, it had the same problem. Was driving down the middle lane of a three-lane beachfront road in the rain and a sudden gust of wind lifted me up, moved me sideways and put me down in the next lane. I'm very pleased that there was no one travelling beside me!
Can confirm. Am traffic supervisor for major distribution center.  This has happened before to some of our drivers in the dakota's. 
Trucker here, and yep, he's correct. I actively try to avoid driving in Wyoming if my trailer is less than 30,000 lbs. Luckily, my company allows me to shut down for unsafe conditions (something surprisingly few companies allow), so if I do have to go through and it gets bad I don't have to worry too much.
Recently here in Hampton Roads we had a windy day and a truck tipped over the Chesapeake Bay Bridge into the bay and the driver died. Very sad stuff.
Two days ago a truck ~~got blown off~~ [went over the side](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/nc-man-dies-after-tractor-trailer-he-was-driving-plunges-over-chesapeake-bay-bridge-tunnel/2017/02/10/9a215e0a-ef90-11e6-9662-6eedf1627882_story.html?utm_term=.3c0b4fbd30b2) of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel and into the bay. The driver died.
It always acts as a sail, regardless of the load.  It's just not that noticeable when there's a load in the trailer.On a related note, the area of a ship above the waterline is called the sail area.  If you lose a man overboard, the procedure is to get upwind and let the wind push the ship toward the man, while also protecting the man against the wind.
Well then hopefully the car wasn't completely crushed.
I was stuck in a ground blizzard for three hours in wyoming sometime last december, all because some dickhead of a truckdriver thought he could make it from Laramie to Cheyenne with an empty trailer. 
A truck driver died earlier this week when he blew off the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel.  http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2017/02/09/chesapeake-bay-bridge-tunnel-accident/97713142/edit: So it turns out it's now been confirmed wind didn't play a factor in the truck driving off the side of the bridge.https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/nc-man-dies-after-tractor-trailer-he-was-driving-plunges-over-chesapeake-bay-bridge-tunnel/2017/02/10/9a215e0a-ef90-11e6-9662-6eedf1627882_story.html
I wonder if they could drive with the sides rolled back to reduce the sail effect
and here I thought living in NoDak was bad with the wind. 
Isn't there a version of this with a rock?Edit: Never mind, sorry, it's different https://bluesyemre.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/this-weather-rock-is-never-wrong.jpg
Another - http://imgur.com/8yN3zaS
My buddy is living in Wyoming on a work contract. The thing that infuriates him most is that he can't fly his RC airplanes. 
Wyoming Windsock sounds so dirty.
They never should have started the war with the transformers 
Let's dispel with this fiction that the wind doesn't know what it's doing.  It knows exactly what it's doing.
If this had of been a black truck he would of been shot.#WHITE TRUCK PRIVILEGE
Air Bending used to be a religion of peace!!! 
SAD! 
Also, relevant username ?
Luckily it was empty
Actually i think if the truck fell this way it must have been empty, so I guess at the end the car is more inside the truck than crushed by it.
Those dry box trailers are pretty weak above the bed, actually.  There's a good chance the cop car would have retained enough space for this not to be a fatality, even if it was occupied.
I thought the exact opposite lol
No one got hurt. The vehicle was empty. The troopers were assisting another dumbass not heeding warnings.
Thought I was on r/watchpeopledie for a minute 
Not for the guy getting a ticket.Soooo long suckers!
I was thinking that too, of all the miles of open road that truck could have gotten blown over on to and the miles of open road that cop car could have been stopped at ... BOTH happened to occur right there.
I wonder if the truck would have respected the security corridor if the truck would have fallen beside it. Then again the car was empty so it could have been worse.
I don't know why you're getting down voted. There are high winds advisory all over Wyoming and this guy definitely should not have been pulling an empty trailer in that.
Dont know why you're being downvoted thats exaxtly what my trucker friend said when he saw this video
The company he drives for should also pay him for downtime. 
that's trucker law
Maybe there's one frame of pornography hidden in it and we just missed it...
/r/osha maybe?
One could make the argument that, if one just watched the video, one could assume that  some people just got crushed. While coming into the comments would reveal that not to be the case, for a brief time, someone could be freaking out. Someone that never wants to see death might not enjoy believing they just watched someone die.
The cop and the truck driver were working at the time
>RawlingsThere is no such place. 
http://www.eastidahonews.com/2017/02/caught-on-camera-wind-gust-blows-semi-crushing-wyoming-police-car/?t=32018
There's was a bastard highway patrol man near Saratoga that would just give people tickets.  Back in the day I was doing 65 in my PoS Pontiac J2000 with my white-knuckle aunt driving her back to Saratoga and got pegged doing 85.  He showed me that his radar said 85.  It didn't say what time.You know how you know when you're in Wyoming?  The wind is blowing.
Any left turn would have exacerbated the problem.... The driver was trying not to flip over,  in order to not flip over was losing ground to the right.... Yeah,  but not heeding wind conditions,  true that. 
Isn't that only a in a law in some states?
- an 8 second clip is not enough to make a decision here... For starters, you can't possibly know when he saw the emergency vehicle, but from the video there was clearly a vehicle to the trucks left that prevented him from moving over.If anything, this should be a PSA: Stay clear from tractor trailers. Either speed up and get ahead of the tractor, or slow down and s tay behind it. Whatever you do, do not hover next to the trailer like a fucking idiot.
If everyone had to switch lanes for cop cars on shoulders on my city highways, traffic would be even worse than it is now. And it's pretty damn bad now. Everyone already slams their brakes on and rubbernecks around a cop car as it is.
This needs to be made into a Fuck the Police gif, maybe with some shades on the truck or a thug lyfe
Authorities failed to respond in time too.  Died on the way to the hospital, sat on top of his truck for 30 minutes.
[Investigators announced today driver error was more at fault than the wind.](http://pilotonline.com/news/local/miles-of-scary-police-say-wind-not-to-blame-for/article_01ef06a7-6465-51da-8aa6-770e90535aee.html)
Avoid driving high sided trucks in heavy wind.
Tip it back up on the wheels?
Stay at home and take up knitting
dont park underneath trucks
I am not a professional truck driver, but he should have been in the left lane long before passing the police car.  Also if he was, he might have been able to save the trailer by moving a little to the right.  Once it started to tip over, trying to move into the left lane exasperated the problem.  I've seen some pretty amazing recoveries on YT of truck drivers who know what they are doing and can do some amazing shit.  Again, we're talking big maybes here.
It was not a safe work environment.
**NOT SAFE FOR WIND**
I spoke to the guy. The wind warning went up after he got on the interstate. He will probably face a UA and an inquiry from his company, as well as a possible fine from WYDOT, but I doubt he will lose his job.
He got ticketed for driving after the wind advisory was posted. Same fine as driving past closed gate, up to $750.
We do that too. [With similar results.](https://wattsupwiththat.com/2011/02/02/wind-power-gets-bent-out-of-shape-in-wyoming/)
We're already building the largest wind farm in North America, what more do you want?
the entirety of wyoming is a total shitshow for trucks.  hell...anything west of Amarillo or Omaha is a goddamn nightmare.  That's why i don't drive out there anymore.
The Entire State is windy as all fuck. Not just single spots. 
On a side note, bridge by my house has a random high concrete wall on one side seemingly for no reason. Is that to dampen wind over the bridge? Because it goes over a short (maybe 1000 feet) stretch where the land suddenly dips and a rivers at the bottom and I have noticed the winds are much more intense over it than after.Sorry, curiosity gets me. 
It would be cheaper to build trump's wall than build dampening structures on every highway in Wyoming. The entire state is a wind tunnel.
That's I-80 between Cheyenne and Laramie, which is highly trafficked but underpopulated.  It's a 50 mile drive between the two cities and it's just windswept nothingness.  No tax base to speak of, they don't even have proper snow fence coverage on the highway and plows tend to do single-lane clearance.  If the weather is bad enough they'll just close the entire thing via gates at either end.  A huge wind barrier would be hard to implement and well above the standard of current highway maintenance for that stretch.
Build that wall! Build that wall!
It would cost way too much money to cover the most wind prone areas on I-80 and I-25 in Wyoming. 
I think a more economical solution would be a hedge or windbreak made from trees, not that that would be cheap or easy.
Nearly 400 miles of wind mitigation? That would be a nightmare. Plus it would catch the blowing snow and create giant snow drifts on the highways. You can see all over the wooden drift generators that are next to the roads and highways across WY to prevent snow drifts on the road. It's easier to have chain laws and wind restrictions in place and big bill boards to advertise them. If a driver misses them they are f-ing blind and not doing their job. If they ignore the warning and get into a wreck it's their damn fault and the WY police show no mercy to truckers ignoring chain laws or wind restrictions.They are damn effective here for clearing flipped semis on windy days. If the semi blew off the road, they pick up the driver, mark the semi as cleared with florescent tape, and take the driver to the station until the wind dies down and he can get his rig upright safely and with a hefty fine if he violated the wind restrictions. If it blocks the road they get a tow truck or other vehicle to push it off the road.
From a cost/benefit perspective it might not make sense to do this. The economic benefit of allowing commercial vehicles to travel during occasional high winds could be outweighed by the cost of designing and building a large wind deflecting structure.Of course, this video makes it clear that there is a very real risk of injury if trucks ignore the wind advisories, however, it still might cost less to ramp up enforcement and to have a trooper block truck access to the road.It all comes down to calculating the costs and benefits.
They have deflectors that look like bleachers along a lot of highway, they do work but they don't cover 100% of the highway.  Probably cost too much money and afford to bet 100% coverage.. they have gates to close highways in those area.. when it too much.. they just close the highway until thing calm down. 
Journalist excellence
rickroll.. heh
bastard
>XcQNot falling for it! 
No one got hurt. The vehicle was empty. The troopers were assisting another dumbass not heeding warnings.
Nope no one was inside the car
Elk Mountain. About an hour west of Laramie.
You are asking how not to make a big rig a big rig. Kind of silly fam.
They should just put up more windmills to slow down that wind and generate electricity! 
Was out there for an overnight this week during the worst of it, the drive was wven tough in a standard sedan, wind warnings were everywhere!  I was starting to get worried I'd miss a closing cutoff for the I-25 gates!
I have heard that in the Florida Keys they occasionally have to cancel school because the wind will blow the buses over if they try to cross the bridges. 
Frequently?!  We lived in Burns, Cheyenne, and Laramie and I doubt the wind stops.  I remember seeing trees, when they could grow, growing at 45 degree angles.
I live in MT where 30 mph winds with 80 mph gusts are somewhat regular. The first thing they do is put a message on the electronic billboard for semis to take the detour (they never do and it scares the shit out of me) and then when wind gets above 80 they shut the interstate down 
No doubt. Driving through open Wyoming was the scariest part of my roadtrip. I was driving down a highway and wind gusts hit me from both sides, right after the other. I was fucking terrified that the wind was pushing my SUV around like it was nothing. 
We had some crazy wind in colorado by the foothills one day. Traffic was backed up like crazy. I saw 3 overturned trucks on my way to work that day. 
We had gusts of over 100mph throughout Colorado and Wyoming yesterday. It blew over 3 semis on the i70 corridor. 
I live in Colorado, a few days ago in a town called Berthoud there were 101 mph winds.
Someone else in the comment mentioned that the road in OP was indeed closed due to high winds that day in the incident. He dun goofed
Wouldn't it be smart to just put some heavy shit in the truck?
yeh. spent lots of time riding my motorcycle in Wyoming. shit can get intense. 
Why aren't we using wind-farms here?
Drove thru Wy before, that day they got anything look like bricks on wheels off the highway at the truck stop because of wind.  Semi, anything with trailers, RV and Buses etc.In my car I have to turn like almost 1/4 turn to keep my car straight.  Than other time.. road were closed because of snow drift.. snow blowing cross is worst then unplowed highway, 
Carry plywood now... Can confirm, like walking uphill sideways and at the same time forward perpendicular to the hill while carrying a heavy load of lemons.
Redditing while driving an RV in high wind. I too like to live dangerously.
....there was really a car called a Bongo?
Dakota's what?
Drove a 35 foot RV to the Black Hills last summer.  Holy shit.  Passing or being passed by a semi on the same road?  Double Holy shit.
Going over Elk on a windy day was one of the scariest things I ever did. I had 37,000 lbs in the box and the wind was still shoving me around. Rest of the trip was fine, but that stretch between Rawlins and Laramie gets pretty hairy.
That wasnt due to the winds. I guess the driver had a heart attack. Source: I also live here.
TIL many times, a truck driver was blown off the Chesapeake Bay Bridge. Also learned it when it happened, the other day. 
Of course it always acts like a sail regardless of the load, there is always air drag but with a load, it doesn't make a very good sail.
It's only windy in North Dakota because Minnesota sucks and Montana blows.
I like how you tried to make it sound cooler by calling it NoDak. 
Hello fellow North Dokatan!
That what wind stands for: Weather In North Dakota.
haha yeah there's one similar down here in australia, too :) https://c1.staticflickr.com/4/3410/4595534974_fcf835835c_b.jpg
I've seen that in real life so many times, I didnt know it was popular on the internet. My grandparents live close to that house, in Cornwall.
Optical illusion.  I can't tell where the anvil actually is.  Near or far?  Ground or air?
I hate when work drills away from my hobbies
Time for him to get into powerkites. But not the big ones, okay? You'd like to see him again, I'm sure.
Excerpt from Urban Dictionary:Wyoming windsock:>*When you're having sex outdoors and you pull out just in time for the wind to blow the same time as you, covering your upper body in a mist of reproductive fluid. And dust.*
 Autobots, roll over! 
We need tougher wind regulations in this country
That was my favorite 2016 election meme. 
Truck drivers were ok, cops were out of their vehicles helping another accident. Wyoming had a light trailer restriction active when this happened.
Thank god. When i saw it flatten that car my mouth dropped open. Imagine what it would be like if you were in the car. Being crushed in a can of metal not being able to move with all of your bones broken. Would it kill you immediately? Would you be trapped slowly dieing?
Why is it nsfw?
So why is this nsfw?
In that case, I would've loved to be sitting in that car when it happened!
whew.this now goes from sad to hilarious. 
But they weren't able to shoot any dogs that day which led to a drop in morale 
> Unluckilyftp
as was the rig
Aww
death will try again tomorrow though. He doesn't like to be tricked!
Unlike the driver's cell.
i wanna know!
Yup, that's exactly what happened. Trooper was even able to get up in there and turn the car off and remove some items from the vehicle. 
Yes. There was a ban on light, high profile vehicles that day and this driver ignored it.
I'm guessing the camera was from a second cop car (rear camera) and not from someone being pulled over
It's because he had to slow down, interestingly, this wouldn't have happened (probably) if the cop wasn't there. AFAIK (not a truck driver) normal cars have to pull over a lane, but truck drivers are expected to keep right, so they need to slow down when a traffic stop is happening. 
Final destination shit. 
There is cars really close to him in the next lane. Might not have been enough room
Is an empty truck still heavy enough to crush the car or is there a chance it was survivable if someone had been inside?
I spoke to him at about 8 pm that night. He said the road closure went up after he was already on the interstate.
Settle down there Tyler.
Nice fat cock
The only reasonable explanation.
Then why the fuck would they be on r/wtf
Jesus, now we're worrying about people's feelings who incorrectly assume stuff. Yikes...
typo in the article this quote is from, not OP
People don't go to hell when they die, they are reincarnated and forced to live in Rawlins for eternity 
Not all US highways are keep right except to pass. Also, not all US highways are move over for emergency vehicles on highways. But they all should be. 
>If anything, this should be a PSA: Stay clear from tractor trailers. Either speed up and get ahead of the tractor, or slow down and s tay behind it. Whatever you do, do not hover next to the trailer like a fucking idiot. Yes yes yes, a million times yes!
That might push him past his tipping point
His trailer appears to be empty. He should have waited it out at the FlyingJ. 
I see what you did there.
Why would he be fined? Unless he passed a chance to exit the freeway? I drive a van and I have just stopped driving when conditions were like that. You never know when a gust can completely rock you badly enough to cause an accident. 
What's a UA?
http://www.windaction.org/posts?topic=Structural+Failure&type=PictureI had no idea so many of these things fail in such a manner.
The high walls between highways and residential areas are noise barriers, a courtesy thing for the folks living nearby. They're usually not even concrete, just a composite material made to look like brick or stone.
More than likely it's a retaining wall for loose soil or sound dampening because there are houses on the other side
It's possible, but hard to say without more details
Elk Mountain is between Laramie and Rawlins.
You're climbing up to Continental Divide on I-80  I don't any native tall trees along side I-80.
Ah, Elk Mountain. Home of the ground blizzard.
I know you're joking but this is actually why they can't use this kind of extreme wind. The windmills will eventually spin too fast, and the mechanism for slowing the turbines down generates heat (just like your brake pads). But too much heat means extreme failure, which is the likely result of putting a windmill in 80MPH gusts.EDIT: Getting a lot of replies about how to build a better turbine. Just try to keep in mind a few things: cost effectiveness, and energy. When a turbine starts spinning, in order to stop it you need to not only match what the wind is doing to it (just in the opposite direction) you need to exceed that in order to slow it down. The most cost effective way to build and use turbines is to manufacture them to be able to stand wind up to a point, but past that just have them clamp down and not spin at all.**EDIT 2: People are also misinterpreting what I said. When I say they can't use this kind of extreme wind I literally mean the 85mph winds. Most turbines can't function at this speed, so they just stop. I did not say that if you live in a super windy area, turbines won't exist. They just won't be functioning on those days, they lock the blades.**
You would think so, but.... http://www.forbes.com/sites/williampentland/2017/01/18/wyoming-considers-de-facto-prohibition-on-solar-and-wind-energy/#2f1b583a3942
Thousands of eagles!
We're building the largest windfarm in North America.
http://m.imgur.com/RegsozX
/r/KenM
[This](https://i.imgur.com/KT4ybLB.gifv) is the 3rd top post of all time on /r/catastrophicfailure demonstrating why this is a bad idea. If windspeeds a are too high, bad shit happens real fast. You can also look at the comments on the post for a great explanation as to why this happened. 
[Ahem.](https://youtu.be/ZQg8JKo_3ZQ)
http://supererogatory.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/WINDMILLS1.gif
WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT!
What are you going to do when you use up all of the wind? What then!?
Never seen them close the gates for wind. They do often restrict empty trailers though.
It also helps if you attach an old circular parachute to one of the seats and throw it out the window.
That happened on the Chesapeake Bay Bridge this week - a tractor trailer was blown into the bay, killing the driver.http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2017/02/09/chesapeake-bay-bridge-tunnel-accident/97713142/
On those days they try to pick up the fat kids first. 
The skyway bridge is frequently closed altogether due to winds 
Went camping on the beach in south Florida a few times. Once the wind was so bad it took us two hours to set up our tents 
Speaking of wind and bridges, just two days ago high winds blew a tractor trailer off the Chesapeake Bay bridge into the water: http://pilotonline.com/news/local/driver-dies-after-tractor-trailer-goes-over-chesapeake-bay-bridge/article_c544ecdb-0249-5d1b-87f4-933cdf63cc8c.htmlThe driver didn't survive. :(
Livingston? 
I live in wyoming. It's not that bad. Just a light breeze.  When you see the low flying trains you know it's getting windy
The part that gets me is when you pass a loaded semi. You spent the last X miles cranking the wheels to compensate for the wind speed, then you are in the semi's wind shadow and your car takes a major lurch now that there is no more wind.
Was driving in southern Idaho... Speed limit was 80 but I felt like my SUV was going to blow over as well (Even had signs warning about wind gusts). Scared me to death, and I grew up in the [windiest](https://www.google.com/search?q=Windiest+city+in+the+US+list&rlz=1CATAAB_enUS718US718&oq=Windiest+city+in+the+US+list&aqs=chrome..69i57j0.8984j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) city in the US....  
I lived in boulder for 5 years and the wind there can be absolutely insane.
Was this about a year or so ago? I lived in Golden and it tore patios off an apartment building down the street from me.
Lose money in gas 
There are a ton of wind farms.  That doesn't stop it from being windy though.
Crab scuttling lemon carrier... Can confirm,  like driving an RV in a strong crosswind 
North and South Dakota? You've never heard them referred to as the Dakota's? 
Johnson and Fanning.
Hugh.  Dakota's.
> I guess the driver had a heart attackI'd have a heart attack too if I was getting tossed off a bridge.
Uh...I haven't heard anything about a heart attack causing the accident. The winds pushed him too far as he was trying to change lanes and he hit a curb and tipped over the bridge. Unless you mean the heart attack killed him because that is possible. The waters were 46 F which could have caused a heart attack.
The wind was not a source.https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/nc-man-dies-after-tractor-trailer-he-was-driving-plunges-over-chesapeake-bay-bridge-tunnel/2017/02/10/9a215e0a-ef90-11e6-9662-6eedf1627882_story.html?utm_term=.3c0b4fbd30b2
So every state uses this saying? 
listen here u little turd, doncha know
Dude North Dakota is just like Nebraska, you have to pass through or over it to get to a better state. People shouldn't live there, just travel through.
Hey now. You take that back!
as someone whos lived in both states i find this accurate, dont move to either, stay away
Yes Montana does blow, it's horrible, don't come here.
There are dozens of you!
Yeah, it's a common joke. I've seen many here in Florida and it's just a stab at high tech weather instruments that can be inaccurate when this is practically always right
That looks like shit.
Inside our hearts...
>Near or far?Wherever you are
Noooo it's because it's waaayyyyy too windy here.
> Autobots, roll over!Autobots, play dead!
That's what us pro-wind energy people are all about! We're capturing the wind with turbines so that there's none left.
No one needs tactical assault wind!
We should build a wall to keep the wind out
Don't worry, the Wyoming state legislature is way ahead of you on that one. Can't allow anything that might disrupt our already failing coal industry to prosper. [Wyoming Considers De Facto Prohibition On Solar And Wind Energy](http://www.forbes.com/sites/williampentland/2017/01/18/wyoming-considers-de-facto-prohibition-on-solar-and-wind-energy/#104d29133942)
Yeah well which 2 regulations would you repeal to pass those wind regulations?
It was goddamned fascinating.  Seeing AI break down on live television for the first time.
Wyoming's light trailer restriction is a joke. They claim if it blows over it was too light. How about associate some weights with the warnings?
Well, the truck driver survived the crash, but then the cops beat the hell of him for the attempt on their lives.
Most trailers are aluminum, since this one tipped over it was probably empty, if someone was inside the car it probably wouldn't have killed them right away 
C'mon now. You don't actually believe that car got crushed flat do You? That trailer is aluminum. That car is a formed steel structure designed to keep passengers safe in the passenger compartment. It's more likely the trailer took the brunt of the damage.
I'd imagine the head trauma from the crushed roof would take you out pretty quickly
More up votes.
Trailer side walls are not terribly strong... 
There were 3 WHP cars parked assisting a small accident. The video is from the rear of the second vehicle. All 3 troopers were in front of the first car.
Nope. We gotta get over. Especially for a cop.
Truck drivers especially will get pulled over for not moving over for a cop. Cops love pulling over truckers, the tickets are ridiculously high.
Empty truck will do some significant damage, but it's likely the frame of the car would somewhat withstand it.  The inside panels of the truck would probably flex. enough that anyone in the car would be pinned but alive.
I assume you mean empty trailer. It's probably heavy enough but the sides are not ridgid enough. The roof of the car is reinforced for a rollover. The sides of the truck are just light weight steel ribs covered in sheet metal. The bottom part of the trailer with the wheels, brakes, supports, etc. is where 90% of the weight of the empty trailer is. 
As a former Wyoming resident,  no truer words have ever been spoken. 
Wyoming is one of those states.  Since there was no traffic visible in the left lane, he should have moved over.
Because he was still on the highway when it was closed to vehicles of his type. There are a number of sign boards that should have alerted him to the closure and also it is broadcast on local radio. He has no excuse for not knowing it was closed. 
Urine Analysis 
Well, so many is probably a bit of a stretch. There are nearly 50,000 of them operating in the United States now, even at what is probably an over estimated failure rate of 1% that would be 500 per year seeing major issues. Most of the time when they fail it's older models and that mode of failure is electrical or hydraulic, not major structural, although as you can see that does happen. The way I see it you have these rather large machines operating is harsh conditions where the main support tower and blades are under constant immense stress from the wind, these points of failure are bound to happen. Ideally they're placed in such a way that if this happens they don't fall onto anything, but I don't know enough about how the systems are installed to say that for sure. 
Retaining wall......on a bridge?
Just put Brembos on it mate.
 Couldn't there be designed high capacity wind turbines that could handle sustained winds of that magnitude? 
I don't believe this is true.  I believe in high winds areas they use dynamic braking resistors and VFD'S to control the speed and power generation.
I live by the accident in this post. There's actually a massive wind energy farm right there that they keep turned off when it's this windy.
[This](http://imgur.com/gallery/uAL56aK) is what happens to the windmills. This happened in Wyoming. 
I thought they can change the angle of each of the blades to control the speed?
Well that's not true. I live in Wellington, New Zealand where winds can get up to 125mph. We are covered in wind turbines. http://i.stuff.co.nz/national/88558603/what-is-it-that-makes-wellington-so-windy
I thought this is why turbine blades on windmills can rotate, to accommodate for high winds and changing the blade angle can reduce the speed as well to maintain itself.
Depends on the turbines.  The turbines I'm familiar with would be able to withstand 80 MPH which is 35 m/s (wind industry measures wind in meters per second). The cut out speed is 25 m/s (56 mph). These turbines are designed to stand conditions up to 38 m/s, but they were designed for moderate wind areas, so developers would have to look at the next class of turbines for a very gusty area. Also modern turbines use aerodynamic brakes - i.e., the blades pitch so they do not need to use hydraulic brakes, which they have, but only use them when they need to lock the hub or when the feeder trips or something like that. As a side note,  Off-shore wind turbines can survive short gust of up to 75 m/s (167 mph).  So the technology there, what wind developers are looking for is good wind resources, the ability to acquire the land for the wind park, and an interconnection point with the grid.  So remote areas that have great wind resources may not be feasible because they are too far from an interconnection point, or too tricky to build in. 
Couldn't you just add more generators that only attach after a certain windspeed? You could also build a feathering mechanism into the propeller like multi-engine airplanes. 
What The Fu...well I guess I'm in the right subreddit for shit like this.Ok ignoring all the idiocy around banning renewables, if the idea is to promote coal, which many in the state are reliant on, then why ignore natural gas which is increasing faster than wind and solar?> The bill would allow electric power to be generated using one of six pre-approved sources, including oil, natural gas, nuclear, hydropower and coal, to be used by Wyoming utility companies for electricity generation.> ...> From 2007 to 2013, net electricity generation from coal declined by 430 million megawatt hours (MWh). Over the same period, net electricity generation from **natural gas increased by 216 million MWh, while wind and solar net generation increased by 148 million MWh.**
Funny enough he was paraphrasing something a US politician actually said. 
Can confirm it happens.  I used to work in the oilfields outside Casper and spent most of my days off in the Denver area.  One week when driving back for work I got stuck in Cheyenne because I-25 was closed for winds.  Closed to all traffic including passenger vehicles.  No snow, no rain, nothing.  Just wind.  Was barely able to find a hotel that night.
I wonder what killed the driver there. He was okay to climb out of the cab and to get picked up via helicopter but didn't survive the flight.
Ding Ding
Hey! A fellow Amarillo native! Small world!
Can confirm. I've lived in boulder for a long time. Yesterday the wind toppled power lines on 287 in Longmont. It's been pretty nuts! 
Love looking at the 75+ mph wind speed readings from the NCAR station!
I live in New Orleans. We had a tornado this week. Wind was also pretty strong. 
Yesterday I saw 2 overturned semis driving I 25 south to Denver.  GPS saved me a ton of time by telling me to get off well before traffic slowed.  
Yeah, it was near the I-70/C-470 interchange
Golden is the windiest fucking city on the fucking planet.
Ah, the old reddit crab Rangoon!
Usually its written without the apostrophe. 
Hugh dakota's wot?
I'll bet the people in Hawaii and Alaska don't use it. 
Yep, that's why its windy in NC too.
Except in Michigan, where Ohio both sucks and blows. 
You know why Texas doesn't fall into the Gulf of Mexico? Cause Oklahoma sucks. 
They're just bitter about their zero professional sports teams and interesting sights.
Except all the millionaire farmers who discovered oil on their land.
Once I took a Greyhound from Bismarck to Vancouver for an Internet meetup thing. On the way back, our bus broke down in Butte, Montana. I was stuck in the Butte of Montana for four hours.
Hi other North Dakotans! There's dozens of us!
Wait, what happened?
Maybe semis around here should just not think they're above the elements and stay off the road. Same thing when it's black ice. They think because they're heavier they can still drive 80 mph. Turns out it's hard to stop on ice when you weigh ~~30,000~~ 80,000 lbs. Every year around here we have massive 40 car accidents because semis are driving too fast and don't have their radios on. People die. 
Luckily enough, even though the trailer squished the car, it punched through the side of the trailer, so the trooper was able to get in his vehicle and turn it off and remove some items. 
So they'd be trapped. Squished inside the car all mangled. :(
Or, at all.
most recent cars (including that Taurus) have strong enough roofs to survive a rollover and even sustain the car's weight on it. They'd be fine. If it was a shipping container [the car would be flattened](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/07/24/article-2704093-1FEE815100000578-298_634x517.jpg). (Although, impressively enough, in this case, the occupants survived!)
Basically plywood with metal strips every couple feet. 
Oh wow,  that's good tow hear.  That would've been a terrible way to go,  Final Destination type of shit. 
Lucky trooper!
As they should be. It's a dick move not to and things like this happen.
TIL, I know they love pulling y'all over, see it all the time, but I just assumed it would be unsafe to expect you to move over a lane. Slowing down seems more reasonable.
Confirming that this is correct. 
the law is move over or slow down, he slowed down
Well I see that someone has a limited imagination (and that I didn't read the previous statement completely while on mobile and in the bathroom)!
And a hoonigan sticker AT LEAST on each fan blade 
Painting them red is cheaper
JDM brah
80 MPH? Better get some Hoosiers for the track day, bro
*props*
No, silly...Just paint the stock calipers red, same thing!
But can a windmill be stanced?
You gotta drill holes in them first
Now imagine an 80mph turbine failing to stay attached, now I don't know about you but I don't want an 80m shuriken catastrophe.
As someone already said, cost effectiveness is generally the issue. That being said, there HAVE been design attempts to skirt this problem, but they introduce their own problem.Basically, it's a more elegant version of [these](http://qph.cf.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-5d09283ba49f31b5d73d55614aab9eb5). Their disadvantage is also their advantage in this situation: efficiency. They just don't catch the wind as well, thus spin less, thus have less chance of overproducing. Not to mention, these are much more stable than their horizontal counter parts. I recently heard a company trying to gain traction, but efficiency is really the dragging issue. It becomes only cost effective in very narrow situations.EDIT: [the company in question](http://www.windpods.com), they have a few informative videos on their site, but they never truly illustrate the big issues with these kinds of turbines in their videos. Still, its a good way to learn how they work. Credit to u/Mind43dom for the info.
Probably, but if we don't have them already its probably because its not cost effective. The increased cost of designing and producing a turbine that would work in those winds probably doesn't outweigh the increase in power generated. More efficient to just build the ones we have in lower wind areas. 
You're right, but you're ignoring the bigger issue. If the windmill spins faster than the energy can be taken away and either stored or dissipated, you're going to have problems. The energy generated from a windmill being blown from 80MPH wind is too much energy for most windmills, and the ones that it isn't too much energy are not very cost effective.
I believe the solution to wind spins turbines too fast is solved. The issue now is how do we not spend boatloads of money on every single turbine. Solve that one and you'll be rich.
Must've been some crazy wind. I've seen snowy conditions with 45+ gusts and they didn't close. 80 gets closed all the time but 25 is pretty rare. Actually curious to what the wind has to be at for them to close it now.
Haha agreed! Front of my house was facing the foothills from a hilltop about 3 neighborhoods away. Hardly any wind buffer. Had fireplace pilot go out a bunch, damage to the deck and storm door from it being flung open, and a satellite dish ripped from the roof. All just during normal weather, not heavy storms or anything.
But I ordered the Shrimp Foo Yong.
it's
I've only lived up North for a year so some nuances are still new to me.  
Nor coastal states. Just the fly-overs. 
Yukon sucks and Russia blows.
Oahu is breezy because Kauai sucks and Molokai blows, ya?
Wow, Minnesota must *really* suck if it's causing wind in North Carolina.
Fuck you man, Ohio has cool stuff! Like...uh...I mean Cedar Point.And like LeBron I guess.
At least we can drink our water.
And the fracking strippers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOOs-ft7S2cWatch this entire thing. It's worth it.
Just FYI, a truck with a sleeper cab and an *empty* trailer weighs more than 30,000 lbs (usually around 34,000 lbs). Fully loaded trucks weigh ~80,000 lbs. So what you are saying is even more true. 
That's easy to think when your job doesn't depend on it, which isn't the case for semi drivers.  People are more willing to take risks if the state uses subjective terms like light trailer, as opposed to giving a specific weight.  Black ice is a bit different, but again, if you don't blatantly see black ice, you don't necessarily want to give up a chunk of your paycheck by not driving.  And sometimes you have your boss yelling at you to go anyways.  It's probably pretty complicated.
Damn semis, never thinking. :)
I just moved last month and was driving a U-Haul truck through I-80 in southern Wyoming right after a snow storm. It was incredibly windy and there were long stretches of black ice.  I was surprised how many semis would pass me, I thought they were going too fast. There was even one area where I counted 8 semi trucks that slid off or got blown off the interstate in about a 10 miles stretch.  One even went into oncoming traffic and then flipped over. 
Those trucks are allowed to drive 80 MPH? What the fuck? Trucks here are allowed to drive 80 KMH.
This! OMG YES!
Oh cool, I guess it looks awful because the trailer goes fully sideways but if it just breaks through the side like a hole punch it's not as gruesome as it seems. 
I don't think that car got all that mangled. It was crushed by what basically amounts to two pieces of (albeit, large) aluminum sheet metal. Damage, for sure, but the cab of the car is still fine, they probably could repair the vehicle too. 
Most likely, fire and rescue would show up and extract
Nah. Modern cars are designed so it takes more force than you'd expect to squish the cabin. Aluminum and plywood is what those trailers are made of, the car likely crushed it a lot more than the other way around.
Very true 
> in this case, the occupants survived!WAT!
Thin metal strips at that.  They're literally just a cover to keep the elements off the cargo.
New ones also use fiberglass instead of metal. With the exeption of the front wall, which is always reinforced 
Can confirm; I work on them. Surprisingly flimsy
If this is FD territory, those three guys are about to have a very bad week. 
Well it's not always easy for a 65 foot vehicle to squeeze into another lane. Then again some probably just don't know/care about the law.
A truck driver in Colorado accidentally killed a state trooper a few months ago for not going over 1 lane. Definitely a dick move to not go over one lane.
They should be ridiculously high for everyone, not just truckers.
Eh, technically you're allowed to, but legally you're supposed to slow down to below 40, which is even more dangerous most of the time, and also takes a hell of a lot longer. That pretty much only happens in situations where vehicles won't allow you to move over, but most do if they're paying attention and notice the police as well.Quick edit: a lot of times, even if you slow down you'll still be pulled over if you could've reasonably moved over a lane, which is what I was referring to in my first comment.
You fool that will increase the horsepower. We need to slow them down! 
so many flames
Nah that would just make them go 3x faster.
ITS THE BEST!
Anything can be stanced with the right attitude. The blades just need a camber plate and no taste.
Oh you mean like this?https://youtu.be/oAWMpxX60KM
Couldn't they just change the profile of the blades so that they are less aerodynamic and get pushed by the wind less?
Couldn't you design some kind of feathering propeller?
Up here in Alberta we had some experimental egg-beater turbines for a few years that proved to be too inefficient for the reasons you stated 
Why don't why don't they just feather the blades and keep them pointed into the wind? 
There's an efficiency maximum for each blade design around a certain ratio of the tangential velocity of blade tips to the wind speed. It's why modern windmills are variable speed ones even though it affects their generating frequency. With a high wind speed you can't safely get the rotor spinning faster so you lose efficiency. You can therefore tune your generating capacity so you don't overload anything electrical, but the mechanical forces involved can destroy the windmill and that's the limiting factor. 
Too bad heres general tso chicken
It doesn't have anything to do with where you live.  The first comment to yours was a jab at your incorrect use of apostrophes. 
No way, the Atlantic Ocean fucking sucks!
[deleted]
Most of that weight is the truck though. I drive a fork truck into those wooden trailers every day
sometimes a lot of people's jobs count on it as well
I'm curious now what trucking contracts look like.  Can you legally be reprimanded/punished/fired if you make a conscious decision that the roads aren't safe?  Seems like it would be an easy court case if they punished you because you decided to not drive in high winds or icy conditions in a giant vehicle.
I live in a part of Canada that doesn't have fire and rescue extraction services (yay for contract arguments) for about 2 hours on either side. I'm terrified of something like this happening while on the highway. Last year, some girls were trapped and they had to wait for the firefighters to stop arguing and finally for some other town far away to offer their services as they slowly bled to death. (They were mostly fine.)
And they provide aerodynamics
VA tried raising the cost of driving tickets across the board, can confirm it doesn't stop people from driving like assholes.
That sucks. I mean, it wouldn't have helped the situation in the OP, but now I know you guys get the same shitty stick we all do
*The box said 10 horsepower*
Does this effect stack with my flame stickers?
Sure, yeah, for example.
Haha, destructed. 
That was awesome. 
But then typical, average wind speeds that occur most days wouldn't be as effective for energy production.
They already have this - or at least the turbines I'm familiar with.  The blades pitch and they stop. The turbines I'm familiar with, will always employ this brake before they hard stop with their actual brakes.  Saves a tonne of wear and tear on the the turbines.  
Then it's less efficient in lower wind too. I think what they need is a sensor that detects dangerous wind speeds and locks out of the turbine if it isn't safe to spin
Yeah, that's what I was thinking... or something like a variable pitch rotor.
I would be surprised if this isn't already there so I'm having trouble seeing the issue
They do
I honestly never knew.  
Bled to death and mostly fine do not seem to go together...
ummmm.... so did they bleed to death or were they mostly fine? Kind of have to make a choice here.
Yes. 
Simple fix would be variable pitch blades. In high wind they would point nearly straight into the wind, creating very little wind resistance, and therefore little rotational force.
could use a vertical wind turbine?or air rotor systems that can be lowered in high risk situations?
Some already have that; the problem is predicting the wind patterns and shutting down before it gets past the breaking point. Wind is what you want, though, so predicting the gusts are where it gets dicey. 
 's  is possessive.  s  is plural. 
Well, you did just move up there.
When they were bleeding they were mostly fine. When they were dead they weren't
I had 2 friends bleed to death one time.   They are mostly fine, now.
Most modern turbines here in Holland actually have variable pitch and can be feathered. The design of the blade is advancing rapidly too, i see different shapes and winglets on them and varying flexibility. There's lots around where i live.
Seems plausible, however, you would think that after all these years one would have been engineered already if it was practical. Maybe they would be too heavy or too fragile?
What about holes in the blades that get covered up when it's less windy?
I don't know why wind sensors and motor readings couldn't automatically do that. I thought it was just cost-prohibitive.
Yeah but between that, a large safety margin and a big brake rotor the thing should be able to handle itself. 
except for it's which is a contraction and its which is both possessive and plural.
This is exactly what I expect to happen on these rides, which is why I don't ride them. 
Rides assembled by Carney ex convicts over a weekend while traveling the country have lax maintenance standards and can be dangerous? What's the world coming to?
Thankfully it didn't snap when it reached the top.
Looks like some asshole who wasn't tall enough to ride snuck on and ruined it for everyone 
That cage would be filled with shit about 10 seconds after the cable snapped if it was me in there.
Now they call it the Slingshit.
Quick somebody do some sleuthing and figure out how much money they got from this incident
And then? What happened next?
As an apology, the riders were offered another free ride. 
Good work Agent 47.
Congratulations OP!  You have reached the 100 repost mark!
Guess they should've put that bolt back in..
At least it snapped on the way down and not while it was going back up
Never trust a carnie with your life.
Guarantee you the people riding hit a pucker factor of 10
Well I'm never going on one of these now. 
Shit would've been shat. Everywhere.
And there's always that one operator who drops a bolt out of his pocket right after the point of no return like oh my, the ride is broken. Imagine how shitty he would feel if he pulled that and then the whole ride breaks down
I was traveling once and found myself stuck in a small town in England (Hedge End) -- didn't have the train fare to get to the farm job I'd just gotten. Lucky me a traveling fair came through town and needed day-laborers to help set up the rides, cash-in-hand.Seriously, untrained assholes like me to help put together these rides.Many of them were resting on blocks stacked on top of one another and secured in no other way. I was *shocked* the next day when other guys like me who had helped set it up were actually riding on the things. Like, didn't you see how we set this things up? I was nearly as shocked when nobody died.
Thanks for my new phobia
Who doesn't enjoy a little pong during their ride
One item *definitely* deleted from my bucket list...
Iv'e always wanted to see this happen, you always fear this could happen, although it would be a lot worse if it snapped on the way up.
Honestly that just looks like value added fun! I mean they are obviously okay but that ride is way more exhillerating that's for sure
I worked for a carnival when I was 18 On assembly and tear down day the Carney's would get high, and stay up over 24 hours to get the job done. Since then I've refused to ride anything at a fair or carnival.
27
Honestly that was probably the best spot for it to snap, if it had snapped in the air while going up...Sheesh 
They are incredibly lucky that happened at the very bottom of the ride
Actually went a lot better than I expected.
Glad the camera person kept recording instead of freaking out
I just went to the Florida state fair and this ride was the one that I told my s/o I would not ride. I made a good choice...
that could have been a lot worse
That's a big bunch of nope!! 
beavis and butthead: hehhehe, that was cool! it went sproyoyoyong! huhuhuh, we're going to have to charge you extra because that was more exciting and stuff.
Um, that is why they have two cables...plan 'B'.
This is actually bloody scary. Aren't all industry-standard ropes, chains etc. supposed to have both longitudinal load & stretch ratings? If so, they either didn't build the machine properly or someone forgot to do the maths/didn't get paid enough.either way someone fucked up and this is why i cant go on these rides. To think my life could be in the hands of an accountant...
Lawsuit or do you think they signed that waiver?
That's why I don't fuck with rides. It's stupid. 
Monthly repost
nightmare fuel and a phobia all-in-one package right there
Reason #1 I don't fuck with amusement parks.
This has been reposted so many times...
Time to hide this video from my gf
Came here expecting to see the cable snap on the other end then whip back at the gondola.  Like what happens when an arresting cable on an aircraft carrier breaks.
Man that snapped at exactly the least harmful moment it could.
I just took a deep breath and said to myself I'm never riding in one of these ever again. 
I get it, shit happens, but I'm talking about minimum as in, zero, then no.
The moment that launched a dozen lawsuits.
looks like there were some backup cables that absorbed most of the energy. that could have been way worse
I would have ridden it, easy millions 
Whyidontrideextremerides.gif
Y'all see, this is why there's two of them cables. Perfectly safe!
Fucked up trebuchet.
Somebody didn't do there pmmp.
I was in a queue waiting to go on one of these about 15 years ago in Benidorm, Spain and that happened, I noped the fuck out of there, my buddy kept asking when it's fixed can we go on it
Ok sorry we will refund half of the fee since the other person did not get ejected and enjoyed the ride.  
I told OP's mom she was to fat to go on that ride
That was.. disappointing 
Damn. That could have went wayyy worse. 
To all the people blaming this on carnies that move every week, this fair is actually permanent, so it never moves, just closes in off season. Been on that ride a few times, probably not gonna test my luck again. 
Fuck
Having been on one of these, fuuuuuck me. 
fuck
I mean, this is horrifying, but really it couldn't have snapped at a better point during the ride.
Most fun ride ever!
Oh shit! This actually happens?
Now THAT'S a cool ride.
HAHAHAHHA I wanted to go on one of these and I told myself that's an irrational fear, that wouldn't happen, these rides are probably inspected and maintained daily and engineered well  HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH NOPE.  NOT ANY MORE
You know those swinging ships they have at amusement parks that go completely upside down? I think they should have harnesses rather than just a safety bar because I was well past the recommended height, but I've always been a skinny, scrawny kid as well as my older brother.I always loved the thrill and didn't want to come off as scared. Even when I brought it to my parents' attention that I have to lock my legs with all my force and grasp onto the bar with both arms otherwise, I'd fall out. They told me that I was just scared and my imagination was going wild.The LAST time I've ever rode one. I tested my parents theory, and rode the ride with my arms in the air like a cool, big boy. My dad caught me by the legs...I mean, at least there's a safety net, but then you have to cling onto that for dear life once it completes its rotation. My parents aren't the type to sue, but we got free season passes for six flags for 3 years straight. This wasn't the only time that Six Flags almost killed on of my family. They started the ride for Deja Vu before my brother (who was tall enough, but his arms were too short to reach the harness to pull down). They were second to last on the train, he was on the side facing the queue of people, and my mom and sister took the seats on the other side that sorta block your vision. It's loud in there, so my mom really couldn't hear him saying he couldn't get the harness down. Then the ride starts, and the entire crowd of people waiting in queue were screaming and yelling to stop the ride the SECOND they started it. Idk if it takes a while, I know know they have mechanical security measures to make sure the ride won't start if all of the harnesses were down, but this ride was NOTORIOUS for having all SORTS of mechanical failures. It was shut down 80% of the season due to mechanical failures before tearing it down (People from Chicago or who have visited Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, IL will know exactly what I'm talking about).Thankfully they stopped the ride right before they got to the complete vertical portion of the back-lift. We didn't get anything out of that, but oh well. A happy accident that happened to me and my friend one time on that ride, they had just finished the repairs, and we were dead set to wait in line. With all of the people that left, we went from a 30 minute wait to the next to ride as soon as it re-opened. Well, the brakes at the station completely failed, so my friend and I got to go back and forth and back and forth at LEAST 30 times. It was AWESOME!Anyway, I've only ever seen one of those inverted swinging ship rides with harnesses AT carnivals oddly enough.
Can they sue for this?
Would have been much cooler if both cables had snapped at the apex, launching that cage into orbit!
I went on one once as a kid and didn't die. I figure I experienced it once and I don't need to try my luck again.
I only go to proper amusement parks like Six Flags or Cedar Point. Once I went to a local carnival and got on a ride that was a bit like a fast ferris wheel, but with fixed cars. They would occasionally stop people at the top upside down. Well, my safety bar was loose, and I had to hold myself in there inverted for what felt like an hour. If I'd let go or relaxed, I would have fallen out and down a good 50 feet. I thought I was going to die and very well could have.I'll take the properly maintained and inspected rides for $60+ per day over the $5 dollar carnival admission fee.**EDIT**: OK. I keep getting messages about amusement park accidents caused by lazy teenagers. Pick one. Six Flags or the carnival at your fair ground? Who do you trust more? I get it, shit happens, but I'm talking about minimizing the risk.
I went onto the Tower of Terror at age 11, and wasn't good at roller coasters at the time. My cousin went with me, and I was nervous! Sweating, my tummy hurt, and I just kept hearing screams from a huge building... called *Tower of Terror!* I think it was my idea in the first place, but she was super sweet to me. She told me After you ride this, you'll *never* be scared of another roller coaster! That sounded like a good thing!Turns out, it was goddamn terrifying, and I almost slipped through the bars when it fell. My arms were wrapped tighter than an anaconda to the bars. But to this day, I have not feared a single roller coaster ride, and usually get on every one I can.*And I still avoid these fucking things!*
The odds of injury of any sort on any amusement ride are 1 in 9 million, serious injury are 1 in 16 million, death are 1 in 751 million, and that is including the idiots that do not follow safety rules, which account for probably 75% of those incidents.  Also, the carousel is actually the most dangerous ride because of all the idiots (and little kids) that don't sit on the horses the right way.Sourvs:  I got my degree in mechanical engineering in order to design roller coasters, so I know a thing or two about this sort of thing.
I'm the opposite. I go on them and kind of think if it happens, and I live, fuck yeahCheap fun fair rides controlled by chavs in the UK tend to feel unsafe. The operators are on their phones etc lol 
My mom always told me to stay away from rides that get packed up and brought somewhere else. Six Flags is okay but never carnivals. 
Preach! I don't trust any ride. 
I expect the cable to snap as it's launching you up first then you come crashing down 
Why do you think there's two?
This is exactly what you wrote last time this was posted ;)
It's like playing the lottery, but in reverse.
No risk no fun. Life is dangerous. Life itself is a risk for ones health. And oh: YOLO! ^^^^yes^I'm^serious...
This is what u get when u let below average technicians handle above average tech. And they're on booze, speed, crack, coke, u name it. I would NEVER let my kid or any loved one ride a carnival attraction more dangerous than a carousel and even that is pushing it. 
You just gotta do what I did in my not do bright years....Do a bunch of cocaine first. Then it just feels like you're going to have a heart attack the whole time instead.
That's what happens when you take 20-40 year old rides that are packed up and shipped 50 times a year by a bunch of junky carnies and crackheads... I wouldn't go on a carnival ride for money.
What's her problem wuss, only one cable snapped ;-)
If I can't trust a meth addict with my life then I can't trust nobody. 
came to say something similar - but isn't that the whole point of carnival rides, the extra thrill, this shit really is dangerous and your taking a huge risk
That's what makes them exciting. 
Hard to build right with such small hands
The traveling carnival I used to work for employed people with Masters Degrees as it was a common gig for Teachers who wanted a few extra bucks during their summers off.Of course we didn't hang our diplomas, degrees, awards and such on the side of the carnival tent so the carney goers assumed we were high school drop-out ex-con carnie scum.  IT is UNBELIEVABLE how many times they would try to rip us off with short-change scams and outright thievery  because it was only right to out-carny a carney.
What do ex convicts have to do with anything? Some of the hardest working people i've ever met in my life have been to prison. Sounds like you might need a bit of an ignorance check buddy.
a lot of carnivals pay cash.  I knew a woman who dated a man that was a carnie and he did it because he had warrants out for his arrest.  
yea, you are totally spreading fake news
I work with ex cons and they all work far harder than the few who haven't been to prison. 
Yea they would have been launched into near earth orbit and have to play a round of golf with Louis Armstrong on the moon.
It would only snap at the bottom where the potential force on the cables is at its greatest.
There's almost no tension on the cable at the top for that reason.
[Like this, you mean?](https://youtu.be/Sr3xlgRIqSU?t=43s)
... Think about what you just said for a moment...You're concerned that it would snap when it's under the least amount of tension?
i pray that was a joke comment
10 seconds? You would hold your composure longer than me, that's for sure. 
Now imagine if both cables snapped and near the height of launch too... 
Sounds like a shit storms a comin, Rand
Randy
Welcome to the Carnival of Shit, Randy
Tree fiddy. 
They settled for $3M, but the Trump Organization owns the structure so they just declared bankruptcy and the settlement was discharged with the restructuring.
Probably none, since most of the time these rides make you sign a waiver releasing the ride owners and manufacturer of any damage/injury/death costs involved in ride malfunction or failure. 
Maintenance shut it down for 10 minutes. 
The passengers got yelled at by the manager.
[Here's a breakdown](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-3192356/Terrifying-moment-cable-slingshot-ride-SNAPPED-catapulted-thrillseekers-air-French-theme-park.html).  Basically, lady inside broke her leg, they were stranded for about an hour in the basket.  After preliminary investigation it was blamed on a shitty strap not operating properly under acceptable conditions.No clue what happened next.  Anyone in France know?
Damn, OP really is a re-posting machine.
Can confirm.Sourced: checked
[Nope, just kick em. Kick em right into the ocean](http://i.imgur.com/mg3xdmJ.jpg)
Unless there's some serious necking in the cable at while it's at the bottom, it'll give at the maximum stress, which would be the bottom. Once it starts necking, the maximum stress it can handle starts going down, which would let it snap in other places. 
Think about the physics of that for a second. It could only snap at the bottom.Edit: Fine, most likely to snap at the bottom. Do I have to explain this?
So fucking true. 
how interesting that u see this gif and immediately imagine their assholes
I hit a 7.5 just watching it
Better call Saul.
Something something, 90kg 300 meters.
How do you know you didn't die?
I feel the same way about Skydiving. Not doing that again.
The more times you do it, the more likely you are to die, which means you are all ready more likely to die from it than me, as i have never done it
This. They take these apart every time they move. While amusement parks they don't. If you ever work on stuff. You take it apart enough and it starts to wear out.
I hate carnivals. Even the slow moving rides are rickety as hell, and likely only held together by the collective will of everyone on them.
You know those swinging ships they have at amusement parks that go completely upside down? I think they should have harnesses rather than just a safety bar because I was well past the recommended height, but I've always been a skinny, scrawny kid as well as my older brother.I always loved the thrill and didn't want to come off as scared. Even when I brought it to my parents' attention that I have to lock my legs with all my force and grasp onto the bar with both arms otherwise, I'd fall out. They told me that I was just scared and my imagination was going wild.The LAST time I've ever rode one. I tested my parents theory, and rode the ride with my arms in the air like a cool, big boy. My dad caught me by the legs...I mean, at least there's a safety net, but then you have to cling onto that for dear life once it completes its rotation. My parents aren't the type to sue, but we got free season passes for six flags for 3 years straight. This wasn't the only time that Six Flags almost killed on of my family. They started the ride for Deja Vu before my brother (who was tall enough, but his arms were too short to reach the harness to pull down). They were second to last on the train, he was on the side facing the queue of people, and my mom and sister took the seats on the other side that sorta block your vision. It's loud in there, so my mom really couldn't hear him saying he couldn't get the harness down. Then the ride starts, and the entire crowd of people waiting in queue were screaming and yelling to stop the ride the SECOND they started it. Idk if it takes a while, I know know they have mechanical security measures to make sure the ride won't start if all of the harnesses were down, but this ride was NOTORIOUS for having all SORTS of mechanical failures. It was shut down 80% of the season due to mechanical failures before tearing it down (People from Chicago or who have visited Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, IL will know exactly what I'm talking about).Thankfully they stopped the ride right before they got to the complete vertical portion of the back-lift. We didn't get anything out of that, but oh well. A happy accident that happened to me and my friend one time on that ride, they had just finished the repairs, and we were dead set to wait in line. With all of the people that left, we went from a 30 minute wait to the next to ride as soon as it re-opened. Well, the brakes at the station completely failed, so my friend and I got to go back and forth and back and forth at LEAST  30 times. It was AWESOME!Anyway, I've only ever seen one of those inverted swinging ship rides with harnesses AT  carnivals oddly enough.
Plus they are run by guys who look like roadies for The Marshall Tucker Band!
[Yeah. Nothing bad ever happens at Six Flags parks.](http://www.wdrb.com/story/8404305/final-report-details-cause-of-accident-at-six-flags-kentucky-kingdom)
I do not trust carnies one bit. 
I know what you mean. I once went on a carnival 'roller coaster' and they didn't check our carts or offer any safety instructions and off we went.Was all well and good until it went up and down a very steep incline and I came out of my seat! If I wasn't gripping the bar for dear life and wedging my feet in the footwell, I would have come out and off the ride.In hindsight I should have had the bar across the top of my arms but just holding on, but they failed to tell me these things.
I had literally the exact same experience on some stupid Ring of Fire ride at a fair. It was a looped track, and it would stop at the top but for some idiot reason the top of the car's cage was open and even though I was tall enough my shoulders were narrow enough that relaxed I would have slipped right through the restraint and out of the car. This was a large fair too, I couldn't believe how insane it was.
Upvote for edit. People cruise the internet looking for one story disputing an average... they are as bad as the[ anti vaxxers.](https://youtu.be/k00anSFA4-Y?t=9)
And those places are only safe because of regulations.
when I was about 10 I had the same thing happen on one of [these](http://freijentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/wave1.jpg)
I hate that your edit was needed. It's why I hardly comment in the default subs anymore. There's always a swarm of neckbeard professional Internet arguers coming out with the Axechewually, here is a series of events that contradicts what you said because you didn't comment a legal jargon level comment that took into consideration every possible deviation and while we're at it I'm going to ignore statistics completely and reply with my rare occasion that topples your common occurrence. 
Exactly. I love thrill rides at real parks (i live in Orlando, but Cedar Point is the best), but I won't go near carnival rides. Literally, I don't even go near them. You never know what's going to come flying off them. Even just a loose bolt or an unsecured toddler can kill you. 
They happen at amusement parks too. We had 4 people die last year at Australia's biggest amusement park when a river rapids ride they were on flipped over.  
Proper http://www.wkyt.com/home/headlines/8121967.htmlhttp://www.wdrb.com/story/8404305/final-report-details-cause-of-accident-at-six-flags-kentucky-kingdomThis happened because of poorly maintained cables and teenage ride operators
Disney monitors rides like Tower of Terror *very* closely. The Florida one has seatbelts (at least it does now) and one rider had taken out a long length of seatbelt and held it under him when they locked them in place, so he wasn't really strapped in at all. The second we began to drop, the ride stopped and we were brought quickly to the disembarkation area. Everyone but his party got brought back up to the loading zone and got to ride again, and he was ejected from the ride (and possibly the park). They were on it. 
I'm not sure what you're talking about in regards to slipping through the bars because the ride is enclosed in a cage that no one could possibly slip through. 
Huh...I went on Tower of Terror at the same age and am still terrified of roller coasters. I went on one a few years ago thinking maybe I just needed to give them another chance, and the drop scared me so badly that I had a panic attack. Stood outside the Dueling Dragons ride at the Harry Potter theme park for 5 or 10 minutes trying to calm the fuck down while people stared at me as they got off. Fun times. 
I get it. I was scared of rollercoasters for the longest time. Then last year, I said fuck it and tried (formerly) Double Dragon at Universal - complete with loops and spirals. It was awesome. They know what they're doing with these rides, and unless something beyond all odds happens, you're totally safe. I did Tower of Terror the same trip. It's frightening, sure, but it's more startling than scary. I'm not saying go on them, but it's good to face fears knowing you're safe - you may like it. 
When I was ~12 years old, a friend and I went to the State Fair and rode the Enterprise ride.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enterprise_(ride)Something happened in the hydraulic system that makes the wheel go from horizontal (for loading riders) to vertical (for the fun). So when the operator tried to lower it back down it went **CLANK** and stopped moving about half way - stuck at a 45 degree angle.So the operator reversed that and put it back up to vertical tried again. Same thing. Something was getting stuck. So back up to vertical and tried again. We were stuck on that thing for like 45 minutes. The operator had to call in some repair crew and they kept trying to get it to work, but it just kept getting stuck at 45 degrees so they'd put us back up to vertical again and then try something else to fix it.When they finally got it fixed and brought it back down to horizontal and stopped it, people got off and some were crying, some spectators ran up the exit ramp to hug their loved ones who had been stuck on the machine. There were paramedics standing by and all kinds of crazy shit.When my and my friend found each other after the ride, we high fived each other. *OMG THAT WAS SO AWESOME!*. We thought it was the coolest this ever. We got like 45 minutes of ride for the normal 5 minute price! We thought when it finally stopped they'd try to charge us extra for the extra time we got. We probably would have paid it if they asked us to.  
My taking a huge risk what?
Just go skydiving dude. Less chance of having to live after being maimed horribly.
Wait, Trump has his little paws in the carnival business too?
> they would try to rip us off with short-change scams and outright thieveryBecause people running the booths at carnivals would *never* do that to customers, right? The amount of times my daughter and I have been told oh, actually you missed that one, you actually need 5 wins, not 1 like I said earlier, to get something better than a paperclip, that'll be $20 for more plays, etc. makes me feel no sympathy for these people doing everything in their power to pull $50 from me to win a .50 cent  plush.
Can confirm (except now featuring more awesome South Africans) Sure, there's a few old time showmen/women who are legit skuzzy and a walking stereotype who still travel. But the vast majority are really decent caring and educated people, the money is too good also
As a person who once worked in a factory where 75%of the workers were living in a halfway house, by far the average ex-con I met there was way more interested in figuring how to scam the company or beating the shit out of some other ex-con than they were in doing anything that was in any way good fit any one other than themselves. Not to say the weren't some good workers trying to get their lives straight but they were absolutely the exception.Still, I believe everyone deserves as many chances as they need to be a decent person. Some people just couldn't care less about that.
nah, ive been in warehouses with ex cons before, they are generally shit people.
I'm with you on this one. They may not have the greatest compass, but neither do I. Who am I to pretend I'm better? I've worked with lots of dudes in kitchens that were fresh out and a few that were a long time out. All exceptional guys and hard workers.
So, not Neil Armstrong?
To infinity and beyonnnnddddd....
What a wonderful world.
It could snap at any point.  It's not like it decides when to snap. I'm sure if it sat in the initial position long enough it would eventually snap without even moving.
I mean it reaches a peak of force at the top too, right?
It could break or detach in any way at any time
[MFW](http://i.imgur.com/yNlQWRM.jpg)
This is the dumbest coolest thing ever.  
Shit I wonder how many Gs those people experience in that.
ummm.. Tension would be second highest at that pointEdit: I'm wrong.
Science never was my forte.
I poop when I get on so I don't embarrass myself later
It's all the cheese in their diet. It blocks you up. 
Well, considering he said *filled* with shit, ten seconds is pretty impressive in my book. 
Why? That's nearly impossible... this thread is disappointing. 
So you expect it to go from x elastic potential energy to *at least* x elastic potential energy + y gravitational potential energy? Where would the additional energy come from? Invisible rocket boosters?
Bobany.
What?
And that's when I realized those carnival riders were 6 stories tall and from the Mesolithic era!
Yeah... no. IANAL, but here's the deal: those releases are often not fully enforceable even when the issues are from normal usage (think a guy gets whiplash or shits himself when the ride did exactly what its supposed to). They offer some protection to the operating company, but you can still try to go after them, and you have better than no shot. This case? Nope. That clearly had a system failure. Why it failed would be inspected to determine if it was not properly maintained vs vandalized or other reason, but those riders would almost certainly be coming after for claims and regulators would be shutting down/inspecting/reviewing procedures at a minimum there. Releases are pretty looking, but they're there to make it difficult to get screwed over. Not to absolve the owner from basic responsibilities concerning keeping their standards and promises. 
I have never signed a waiver before going on carnival rides. Like, ever. And I tend to go to the show every year with my kids, plus the years when I was a kid, which all adds up. So I'm guessing this is an American thing. 
You've signed releases at carnivals? 
Yeah but then the reliability goes down and eventually you have to tank the price of the ride because Deathcoaster 666 doesn't look safe. So you build a clone of it and jack the price to $10.00 and those fuckers eat it up.
Super glue and duckttape 
I gave your 12 tickets back to you! What more do you want from me?
>The woman, from Cher, France,they named a town in France after Cher
Always starts with necking. Soon it'll be knocked up and on the streets.
Think about it deeper. It could snap at any moment there's tension on the bungee cords, which also happens at the top.
So much wrong.  
The magnets could cause the wire to snap due to tension also.
Did you? 
He still has his shoes on
I read a really good X-Files comic on that once. A kid was about to get hit by a car and lived/dreamed the rest of his life in the moments before getting hit. 
can Bruce Willis see him? 
Found Damon Lindelof's account. 
Yes
How do we know our life is real if our eyes aren't real?
I figure skydiving is a suicide attempt but with plenty of time to think about it and a possibility to escape from the situation if nothing goes wrong.
My father used to have a story he would tell about the time he worked with one of those traveling carnivals. Did you know Ferris Wheels are held together by small pins?  He watched some guys put one together once and realized that they put the pins in backwards. They were going to initially just let people on to ride but he convinced them to do a test run first and luckily they did because a bunch of the pins popped out and it went rolling. Now I have been on some extremely high/thrilling rides no problem, but to this day I can not ride the smallest Ferris Wheel without freaking out due to that story.
My boyfriend, son, and I went to a traveling carnival this fall. My son is not a risk taker, very cautious, which is the opposite of my boyfriend and I. So we convinced the kiddo to go on a few rides with us, then we came to one where two people basically get into a cage, and it's like an oval shaped Ferris wheel except the cages spin so you're spinning upside down and all around. The second my son and I got strapped into that thing I knew it was a mistake. It starts going and my son immediately gets launched upwards and hits his head on the roof of the cage and that was just the start of it. This thing just fucking violently spins around for I don't know, 5 minutes? The whole time my 6 year old is screaming absolute bloody murder and bawling his eyes out, I'm trying to hold onto him so he stops getting rocked around the cage like a penny in a pipe, and I'm trying to tell him that it will be ok we are fine and it will be over soon. Little did he know I was frankly losing my fucking shit, imaging the door to the cage flinging open and both of us getting launched to our death. And the kid didn't even want to go!!! He was the smart one and I thought I was going to get him killed. When we get off my bf said our cage was spinning like 10x more than any other for some reason, and the operator could absolutely hear our hysterics but didn't care enough to stop it I guess. Moral of the story being fuck carnivals 
You're your own older brother? How far south are you from?!
I feel like this is reverse final destination. Where instead of death looks for you you're looking for death
I loved Deja Vu at Six Flags Magic Mountain. But you're right, it was closed at least half the times I went there.I heard somebody slipped out in the beginning of the ride when they hold you vertically and fell to his death. Even worse, I remember they used to have cacti or something just below. Scary.Tatsu is usually good though and super fun.
Ahh, yes, that death trap. I never went on it for that same reason! My friend had her lap bar come loose on the Raging Bull during last years Fright Fest just off the first drop. Didn't fall out, thankfully, but what an experience.
That exact thing happened to me on the Power Dive in Gurnee. My shoulder harness and lap belt disengaged and I held on through my cousin's shoulder harness from the first 30 seconds to the end of the ride. I was only strapped in by a seat belt, not a lap belt-- a freaking seat belt. When it went upside down 5 times I screamed for them to stop it, but I don't think they could. When it hung upside down I just kept thinking I could kill my cousin too with too much weight on her harness. My legs were just dangling. I was not athletic. 120 pound girl, but pure fear and adrenaline somehow kept me holding on. They shut the ride down that day after I couldn't stand up after thinking I was going to die. They told me there was nothing they could do because I rode at my own risk. I was 16 just wanted to get the f out of there. We used to have season passes. After that I never went back. 
Ah Deja Vu!  We had one at Six Flags Over GA and yes, it was closed 80% of the time and when it was working, it would break down frequently. They installed a scaffold under one section of ours where it would occasionally get stuck and would have to unload it. My best memory on that ride was a 2 hour wait in line, but our Fast Pass only gave us a 15 minute wait time. All 3 times I rode that ride was that one day. It's gone at our park now. 
My mum (a pharmacist) refused us to go to any of the traveling carnivals after she sold needles and syringes to the head maintenance guy of one of them..
I hope you're not talkin shit about The Marshall Tucker Band...
Shit I didn't see you post it first
Yeah those Lassiters always be fuckin' shit up....
Gahh, a kid was decapitated at the Six Flags in Atlanta.  He had jumped a fence to get his hat and the dangling leg of a rider on the Batman roller coaster hit him at 50mph.  
Woody Harrelson was a carnie
I'm sure they mean lap bar or similar restraints (I'm not sure what this ride uses).
I mean, Tower of Terror is a very real situation. Falling down an elevator shaft is going to kill you, and yet this ride is for fun. But I don't blame you for not getting over that. It was horrible. Yet when they opened those doors at the top? Man, I LOVED that. It was so amazing seeing the whole park.
Wait, was it running that entire time?
did you get right back on?
is they're favoret part.
Viscous
You are> taking a huge riskgetting onto > rides assembled by carney ex-convicts over a weekend...we must speak different versions of English
Man I'm convinced a carnival left him behind.
My post was pointing out idiots  like yourself who seek revenge on the innocent because they may have been ripped off by someone totally unrelated in the past. I loved calling security on you guys and see you get bounced out or arrested. 
I heard he's too busy playing the trumpet.
Was that your only issue with the logic of the comment?
And not Alice Kramden?
It's *Herbie Hancock*.
LOUIS!! Can't you read man? 
To definitey and above
No, it looks like it stops going up mostly due to gravity.
No, it's not possible. Since the tension in the cables is the only thing that makes it go up, it would have to have no energy loss for them to have the same tension at the top, which is not possible in a real system. And that's even ignoring gravity, which will reduce it even more. 
The people responding are technically incorrect, and you're technically correct. The cables do, in fact, experience *a* peak of force, but they experience a bigger one on the bottom, where the cable broke. 
Ur dum
No
That's not how physics works.
Really depends on how it was designed. Some things are designed to fail in a predictable way. However, I doubt that this ride was designed with a particular failure in mind. Still, it's most likely to abruptly fail when it's experiencing the greatest forces (like it did). Especially when it isn't being PMed.Anyway, your statement is as valuable a contribution as we could all die in any way at any time.
I would be shitting my pants while fully erect.
Rewatched the video. Pay close attention to the cables. Look how stretched they are at launch. Look how stretched they are at the top. The are so loose it isn't even a question. The cage stops rising due to gravity and the cables are only there to stop it's decent, they do not pull it back down.
It's under no tension at that point as the cables are slacking at that point, for proof reference the video and notice how the cables aren't taught and just completely spaghetti like. At the top the slowing force is entirely gravity.
Most honorable
Did I say it would? I said *imagine*. lol I never meant to allude to it actually happening... Just liked the image of the riders flying up into the air like they'd been catapulted. Relax. 
I said *imagine*. lol I never meant to allude to it actually happening... Just liked the image of the riders flying up into the air like they'd been catapulted. Relax. 
Banana fana fo fandy
So, the point is to make it difficult for the opposing party to make a gain off an incident.Say the difference is between a couple thousand dollars and a couple million. I wouldn't say the waiver is pointless if it could help keep the operators from losing too much if they are responsible with maintenance.
I have. Basically a form that acknowledges the dangers of the ride, and disclosing that you are in fact a healthy human being without any health risks. That way the you can't sue them for baseless things. Like suffering from depression after the ride, or experiencing a heart attack from the adrenaline rush.I got what the other user mentioned, but he/she decided to keep meandering like I didn't understand. Totally understood that ride malfunctions happens and that a waiver doesn't excuse them from responsibility. That's what insurance is for.
Deathcoaster 666 is really good value!
Carnies, tramps, and thieves.
Not a town : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cher_(department)It is named like that since 1790. As far as I know, Cher was not born yet.
It's been a long time since I mathed, but the tension at the top would equal the tension at the bottom minus the metric fuckton of energy that it would take to raise the entire ball up there.  I would be interested to see the math, but I highly doubt there's going to be any significant amount of tension at the top, certainly not nearly any amount as much as what's at the bottom.  
Yet the chances of this happening at the top are minimal; that's because all kinetic energy would become potential energy, which doesn't affect tension.
Yeah I'm thinking about it deeper and it's most likely to snap at the bottom.The ball isn't being shot back down, it falls down. At the top it's got some tension, but not nearly as much as when it's at the bottom. Fuck what am I saying. Watch the gif and see exactly what I'm talking about.
I can't be dead, I just had a sensual pottery scene with my girlfriend.
Honestly you're better off doing all the slightly risky stuff in your life or else you will miss out on Lots of I almost died doing stories aka more ways to bag poon. 
I say you he dead
how do we know this isn't happening to all of us right now? 
There's a short story (and subsequent Twilight Zone) called 'An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge' that you should check out. 
> Did you know Ferris Wheels are held together by small pins?Lots of stuff you use on a daily basis is held together by small pins. They are used to hold things in place, but they typically (and I suspect in a ferris wheel or carnival ride this is the case) aren't load bearing. They're usually used to keep rotating parts from spinning apart, or in places where vibration may cause things to loosen.
That's what you call a dead head. You always run a ride without people on it first. Small local place I used to work at would do maintenance inspections every morning (because some of the rides are very old, I know the Ferris wheel and the kiddie coaster were from the '50s), but we still ran them when ride operators got there before letting people on. It's just common sense. 
>because a bunch of the pins popped out and it went rolling.Like this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoK7oUA8b5M
I wonder what kind of pins they were, there's really no wrong way put in a cotter pin. 
I'm sorry, did you bring your 6 year old on this? http://s43.photobucket.com/user/sarajwil/media/Tweaks%20and%20Designs/Spinner.gif.htmlIf you did, a) he shouldn't have even been allowed on by the operator, and b) he shouldn't have been allowed on by you. That is not a child's ride... I don't understand. You couldn't have stuck to the swings?I'm sure you're a lovely person and parent. But damn that was a horrible call. 
Plus the asshole operators always give the cage a couple of spins when you first get locked in so they can collect the loose change and anything else that falls out of your pockets.
never trust a carny.
I'm in Chicago!
Ya you just can't trust a diabetic. 
You have to buy needles? Jesus what a fucked up health system
No not at all.  Love those guys! Ramblin...24 hrs.... This Old Cowboy are great songs.  When describing carnies, i  usually say that they look like roadies for x band  just happened to think of the MTB at the time!  Easily could have said they look like roadies for Little Feat!
Can't trust em. 
It has seat belts
Tower of Terror actually pulls you down at a faster rate than gravity would. It is an awesome ride.
Yes.
No. Strangely enough, they shut the Enterprise down for the night. So we went and got on the Gravitron.
favorite part is there
Whoosh
>your taking a huge risk >we must speak different versions of EnglishHmm yes. 
> the innocentYes, the innocent. The guys trying their hardest to rip people off. Maybe there are better carnivals around you, but here in southwest Ohio, it's not unusual to see the whole place ran by con-artists. I've had plenty of pleasant experiences with carnival staff before. And to those people, good on 'em. I have no problems tossing a few more bucks at them to play some more.But I've had far more experiences akin to being in a cheap used car lot, feeling like I'm on the losing end of a bad extortion. Those people can go fuck themselves. I'm not sure which of the two camps you're in, but considering your quick to judge attitude, I'm taking a wild guess you're in the latter.
I thought he got busted for roids?
You're thinking Lance Armstrong. Neil Armstrong is the former NHL player now playing in the Swedish Hockey League.
That's Neil Diamond 
The main forces acting on the slingshot are the tension on the cables and gravity. You were talking about a world without gravity, in that case, the only force acting on the slingshot is the elastic potential stored in the cables. In that case, the force applied to the joint between the slingshot and the wire is maximized (for each period) at the extremes (top and bottom); and each force local force maxima is smaller than the previous peak as time increases. So, a t=0, the force is maximized (before launch); at t=0.5 (height of first bounce) is is smaller than t=0, but still large; at t=1 (back at the bottom) it is smaller than at t=1 or t=0.But, in the real world there is gravity, and the net force at the bottom is much greater than the net force at the top.
Is a minimum considered a peak? 
So not a peak...
But it is how mechanical failure works. 
Anything that can go wrong, will.-Einstein
Chaos theory, apparently.
Seriously? The cord could be eroded by the wind. WTF is definitely one of the dumber subs
It's not a physics simulation. Declaring that it can only break under the maximum tension is pretty stupid dude. Some carney could have left a bolt loose, only to come apart at any random time
Me my mo mandy
Again, no.  The waiver would (and I've never seen this particular waiver or know anything about this particular incident) typically be useful to the company to a) protect it somewhat from basic liability within normal operating procedures, b) define responsibility and where their insurance company would make payments on behalf of the operating company, and c) make some clientele less inclined to even chase a payday.  The waiver (once again, neither of us even knows if there's a waiver in this particular instance; we're just assuming) shouldn't alter what the victims in this case GET, but whether that comes from the company, the insurance company, or the owner himself.  In that case, sure; maybe the owner pays a few thousand to his lawyer and insurance broker, and the insurance broker pays whatever the cost is.  Or maybe they discover vandalization, and the ownership company pays the victims then THEY go after the vandals.  Or maybe something else entirely.But the waiver isn't a 'thanks for riding with us, sorry you died, LOL' document.  Those don't actually work.
no
If the ride operated properly, and was maintained correctly, and everything worked as it should, a waiver protects the business from you suing them for any large number of made up reasons, or things like, you had a heart issue you didn't disclose, etc.If the ride completely topples over and breaks and you're maimed, the ride operators aren't waived from shit. 
IAAL and I don't know why you're getting downvoted, this is exactly what it is for.
HALF BREED!
thats exactly when Cher was born
Le whoosh 
as far as *you* know
/s
Engineering student here, can confirm the potential and kinetic energy at the top would cancel out and thus there would be 0 tension. It would be impossible for the cords to snap at the top, on as it gets farther to the ground will it be most likely to snap. 
Could do an estimate for you, but reddit comments dont lend themselves to math all that well
Metric fucktons? Fuck! I used imperial fucktons. Fucked up my calculations by fucking 10%. Fuck it. Close enough.
Tension = potential energy.
Girlfriend? Yeah bro you're dead
Sexual pottery scene, must be dead
Dead guys don't slide pennies up shit either. But they should.
Oooooooo. My love
molly you in danga girl
Did you notice spooky dark men following you?
Were you cremated? Into a pot?
Do you play kick the can?
Yup why live life in a sealed container n be bored as fuck for eternity to stay safe as you die inside, OR just fuck it die having fun or dont die n got poon flooding stories to tell
If you don't have a few emergency room stories as a kid, then you weren't  having enough fun.
Read this for English class, definitely an interesting story!
When I was in school in the 70's we'd see the video once a year.  But it's not a Twilight Zone episode.https://youtu.be/EHqnSX4SJ_A
Thank you for explaining what pins are. 
Generally are not load bearing, but the pins are also used (at least used to on older ones, not sure about newer) on the central horizontal bar to hold to the side pinions. While theoretically if the pins were to come out, it should stay in place, if there is enough flex or the bar is a little to short then the whole wheel comes out.[EDIT: This image best shows the bar talking about](https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/7ea22616088255.562a53fa254ae.png)
Good question, never occurred to me to ask what type of pins were used. 
Fuck no lol he met the height requirement. It was like this  http://i.imgur.com/wcdlan2.jpg 
Tbh they can have my change if they need it that bad I guess but if I feel like death is knocking pls let me out 
Those needles may not have been for health-related purposes.
Not every dealer keeps needles in stock.
Hey, how 'bout Fire on the Mountain.  Damn, that's a good song. 
I hope you're not talking shit about the Little Feat band? (Whom I've never heard of)
Oh man, I could see why some people would love that, but that would just be way too much for a lot of people. 
The one with or without the ceiling canopy 
what version do you speak?
This is the most vulgar display of False Equivalency I've seen lately. 
No, I believe it was Stretch Armstrong.
Im sorry no one played along :(
Please go back to high school physics.
He did say a peak of force in reference to the cables. 
The minimum is in the middle, right?
Minimum in what sense? If you're talking about minimum as in, zero, then no. If you're talking about minimum as in, negative values, it's a bit more complicated. There's no such thing as negative forces, so from that standpoint, if you incorrectly graphed negative forces, the minimum would be a peak.
Local maxima, not global maxima. If you plot force magnitude of ropes on y-axis and time on X-axis, there will be a series of local maximas where the force reaches a peak. However, there is only one global maxima and that is where we saw the rope break. 
Is K2 not a peak because Mt. Everest is higher up? Any moment where the forces spike upwards are called peaks of force. Is this really that hard?
Murphy.
Not what you think it is
I'm referring to probabilities. The title of this post is cable snaps, which is a particular type of failure mode where you don't have, to paraphrase your original statement, shit just happening.  It's not because someone left a bolt loose, it's because, over time, the cyclic nature of the use of this ride resulted in the cable being weakened over time. The cable isn't going to snap when there's no tension on it (free fall) - it will snap when there's some tension on it, with a higher probability of snapping the more tension there is on it. The point at which the cable experiences the greatest tension is when the cage is closest to the ground, hence the highest probability of failure. And this is, in fact, where the cable snapped.
Randy
I like how you worded that so expertly and matter-of-factly and yet divulged nothing of value. 
IAAL and you have no idea what you're talking about.
Well then you need to go back to law school, because you're wrong. If someone got seriously injured you can't just say well you signed a waiver. That only protects from normal operation, not ride malfunction due to improper maintenance. 
A piece of paper doesn't give you the right to nearly kill people out of negligence regardless of what you think. 
Slimmer chances, yes. Not 0 though, as there's still some tension.
Maybe they're thinking that the ride is using tension in the cords to slow the ride down at the top and bring it back down, rather than gravity? In that case there would be tension at the top right? Sure it's not efficient but I guess technically possible?Or are me dumb?
No, not impossible. 
Sure they do.  That's why /r/theydidthemath exists.  
Gravitational potential energy and elastic potential energy are two different things.
Ass pennies?
There is a WHOLE LOT of middle ground between those two extremes.
Is it ForeverWare? That shit's legit. 
that's implying anything is fun
My mistake, thanks! We read the story and were shown the film in my HS English class in the early 2000's and my memory was of the teacher calling it a TZ episode. Either way, it was chilling and stuck with me! Edit: actually it looks like we were both right (or all 3 if you include my high school teacher). It was originally a French short film which was later purchased for two airings only on The Twilight Zone. So, TIL more about this rad story!
That's the same ride with a slightly different design. It's usually called the Zipper, or sometimes the Spinner. See the red and yellow circles and the arrows? 
thats the same ride lmao
Those are the same ride....
That is literally the same fucking ride
You are very lucky, someone died on one of those when they got ejected.
Plus, even in Canada, if I want to get needles I need to buy them, the pharmacy will generally waive the cost if you're getting them alongside a prescription that requires injection though 
Definitely not for health-related purposes
Distributing clean needles anyway is just common sense.
I imaging some grandmother making her grandson happy and agreeing to *you know what honey okay I'll ride one with one with you, just one*
With. Where the sides are at a bit of an angle and the pads you lean against are on rails so they slide up once the ride gets going so your feet don't touch the floor.
Just in case you're serious, you used the wrong your in your comment above.
Wrong again. It was my right arm. Fap Armstrong
Nah. Billie Joe Armstrong. 
Can I play?
You mean rubber man?
Pretty sure it was [Lance Herbstrong](http://www.lanceherbstrong.com/).
I don't think there's any tension in the cables when the cage is at it's maximum. 
Thats why we have things called vectors
The force doesn't peak at the highest point. In fact their force has reached zero so they start to fall. Their force is greatest as they are initially released and decreases the entire way up. Is that really so hard?
It might be, but that'd just be more Chaos Theory at work.
Tell us more Mr. Science
Then refute him, don't just say it. God damn
Good job with your explanation. 
https://www.axley.com/publication_article/waivers-of-liability-are-they-worth-the-paper-they-are-written-on/>In the year 2005, the Wisconsin Supreme Court observed: Indeed, each exculpatory contract (i.e.,waiver of liability) that this court has looked at in the past 25 years has been held unenforceable.>Recently, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals issued a decision inBrooten v. Hoist Fitness Systems, Inc., et al.(Appeal No. 2012 AP 1940)>The Court held that it wasnot. Generally, exculpatory clauses have been analyzed on principles of contract law and on public policy grounds. However, the contractual analysis has been de-emphasized; and waivers are generally reviewed on the basis of whether or not it is contrary to public policy. 
Ok. If I'm wrong, I'm totally open to being corrected and learning something. I invite you to teach us all something. 
LOL you are absolutely not a lawyer. Guy is more or less spot on.
Not when the gravity force and force from the spring are equal, there is still tension at the top, just not nearly enough for it to snap up at the top. 
No, idk all the logistics of the ride, but it is basically a rubber band that is being held stretched out at the bottom, and when released, shoots up in the air and bounces back and force before reaching equilibrium. When the cords are in line with each other for that split second the force of gravity and the force from the ropes is at its minimum. 
It is possible if you had a big pair of scissors and snapped them right when they were at the top.However, The forces and physics at play when it is at the top mean it will not snap. 
Energy is energy mate, no matter what method you use to store it. 
You've all handled my ass pennies!
Take a penny, leave a penny.
Stripper once gave me a face full of ass glitter.  I liked it.  But she wasn't into ass pennies.  She preferred crotch dollars.
nope. you gotta pick one.  
The first time I opened the link it was def a gif of a slingshot. Did you edit it? And again...he met the height requirement. Isn't that the point of checking height? Believe me though, we won't be visiting traveling carnivals ever again and actual amusement parks scare me away more the older I get..
You're literally the fourth fucking person to point that out. Either op edited his comment or my phone incorrectly brought up the last gif I viewed instead, as it does sometimes, which was of a slingshot. 
Someone has died on most rides, no? I consider my family more lucky for not getting killed in a car accident every damn day 
They all slid up as far as I have seen. But some of the are open up top, makes it a little more exciting.  Someone told me there was one where the floor opens up after your spinning but I haven't seen one personally 
your user name fits you
Vectors don't matter in this situation at all. The rope is stretching in one dimension (mostly, obviously the world isn't a perfect physics equation).
We're not talking about the force on the HUMANS IN THE BALL, the HUMANS aren't the thing that BREAK in the video. The ropes have hit a peak in force applied to them when the ride is at it's highest point. Your principles are sound but your logic is way out there. 
This is a really good parody of mathematical illiteracy if thats what youre doing
That's not how reddit works though. 
Very few cases are decided by a judge or jury, the vast majority of cases settle. Whether a waiver like this is ultimately enforceable is more subjective than a lot of people seem to realize -- it creates a gray area that gives a defense lawyer an argument that the plaintiff's lawyer either A) won't win, or B) will at least spend a significant amount of time and money fighting this issue, before even getting to the question of actual fault/damages. That risk on the plaintiff side reduces the value of the ultimate award, even if they really believe they would win, so now we've brought the amount this case will settle for down. So the guy you shot down and everyone is downvoting was right, it's a hedge against liability that in case of a law suit would shave off a good chunk of the liability, in practice if not in principle. Law at this level is a lot less about who is right and a lot more about evaluating and hedging against a surprisingly subjective outcome.
This is basically a damped harmonic oscillator with an additional constant force (gravity).  Initially it is pulled down to store energy, so there is a lot of tension, far exceeding gravity.  So when the restraining cable is released the spring pulls it up against gravity.  The cage accelerates less and less as it continues upward, until a point where gravity = the spring force.  At that point it still has significant upward velocity.  The cage then continues upwards but is accelerating downwards (slowing).  Assuming it started with enough energy it quickly passes the point of zero tension where it is being accelerated only by gravity and then it begins accelerating more and more downwards (slowing) due to gravity and increasing tension from the spring.  So there is tension at the top, but it will be less than at the bottom due to damping (friction) and the fraction of the initial energy now stored as potential energy due to the increase in height of the cage.  If the cable was damaged during the trip up it could still snap at the top but normally it will do so at the bottom where the tension (stress) is greatest.   
There is tension at the top though as that is what caused the upward velocity to stop. I understand that you're saying at times of 0 tension the cable will not snap from tension which is obvious, I'm saying there is some tension at the top, which caused the upward velocity to stop and then flip the pod if you pay attention to the video which is probably part of what cause the snap at the bottom. Is there a higher probability of it snapping when the most tension is applied? Yes, but that doesn't mean it's impossible to snap at times of lower tension.
Tension is basically pulling force. It doesn't matter whether the pulling object has gravitational potential energy, since it wouldn't affect the stretching of the cable.
Take a shit, leave a shit.
That's fair. And no, I didn't edit it, that's odd
He did not edit, there's no *
The one in Euclid Beach park called the Rotor the floor would drop down a couple feet leaving most people stuck to the wall.
I've been on all three (enclosed, open top, floor drop).  Enclosed was my favourite because I would lose all sense of which way was *supposed* to be up, and the ride operator is in the middle just chilling out while everyone spun around them.
I think you believe the capsule goes so high it pulls on the bands again. It doesn't. It just loses momentum and gravity brings it back down. There is no force whatsoever being applied to the bands other than gravity when it's at its peak. 
That's the thing about chaos theory...you'd never know if it was what I was doing or not.
Especially when someone who chose the name FeedMeYoButthurt is claiming to be a lawyer.  
Oh yeah there is tension at the top, I thought you mean at the top of the structure, not at the highest point it is at. 
Great detective work. Now reference my second explanation and we're done here 
Well, that would depend on the specific system. If you're right, and the ball doesn't go up far enough to put tension in the lines, then yeah there's no peak in the forces. I was going with the assumption that it does, since we really don't know. I am just more curious as to how you know for a fact the ball doesn't push past the relaxation point of the bands.
Would be better if it dispensed milk and was in a milk bar.
When the video cuts to the doll's face as if to capture her expression, I get a chill
I like how the first guy gives a good rub on the nipple for no reason.
Viddy the horrorshow groodies on that ptitsa.. I wouldn't mind grabbing a rookerful. Once the naughty old dedoochka is finished of course..
I'd give that weepy young devotchka the old in-out-in-out.
Come get one in the yarballs! That's if ya got any yarballs!
I once had something like this, but in the shape of a giant ceramic penis. That is, until these boys broke into my home and murdered me with it.
No time for the ol' in- out love, im just here to read the meter!
Never change Japan, never change
It was a good book, an interesting movie... But this gif tho...
I don't understand this title at all. 
I was expecting for someone to suck em
I thought Mr. Miyagi was going to perform a wax on, wax off technique...
Well, this makes me unhappy.
I've never gone from WTF to I wonder where I can buy that, I could keep it under the bar unless it's guys night in the course of a gif.
These violent delights have violent ends.
sick reference, droog
Excellent way to get ready for the old in-out, in-out...
First dude was getting way too handsy and into the nipple fiddlin, just pour your titty wine and keep the line moving, creep.
It's like a [Harkonnen](https://youtu.be/mWq15lDh8yM?t=2m11s) juice bar
This is not kosher
Miloko plus vellocet?
I don't understand the title of this post 
Hahahahahaha omg, the first guy was even playing with the nipples. Dude you're just supposed to squish it, it's not a real lady.
*tips fedora* m'droog
I'm singing in the rain
I was told there would be violence?
the comparison between the old man and the woman is fucking hilariousthe woman is just grabbing the boob as if like this is how i dispense the drink from the other boob while the old man makes it really fucking uncomfortable to watch jesusthe nipple flick at the end really gets me
So I was trying to send my GF a post from /r/aww on mobile, and accidentally shared this instead. 
This could be a deleted scene from the original The Karate Kid. Daniel-san, you  wax on wax off, paint da fence, now squeeeeze the breast.I would love see an edit of this clip where right before you see the dude who looks like Miyagi you see Miyagi do his thing where he claps his hands and rubs them together.
Why are the weirdest thing like this involving Japanese people? I mean they are so polite, organized,  and efficient.....but have some really strange behaviors. 
Upvote strictly for the Clockwork Orange reference. 
Japan...Not surprised whatsoever 
Finally, some actual wtf content. This sub was starting to become /r/mildlyinteresting 
I was amazed, thought homage to the movie, then it kicked in.Oh, Japan....
Well, God is dead, and we killed him. 
How is this ultra-violence? Genuinely curious because I didn't realize squeezing boobs was considered a violent act. Excuse me, while I go ultra-violence the shit out of my wifes boobies.Edit: a word.
Nice wine rack. 
I'd much prefer the ol' in n out, love.
Saw the NSFW but still wasn't expecting that lol 
Solid reference 
The first guy is Mr. Miyagi.
Good morning internet. I see we're starting early today?
What you got back home, little sister, to play your fuzzy warbles on? I bet you got little save pitiful portable picnic players. Come with uncle and hear all proper. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.
**Whoa! That's Mr. Miyaki squeezing it!!!**
Hello, Lucy. Had a busy night?
What bothers me most is that they squeeze one tit to make liquid come out of the other one. That's not how manually expressing works!
Toy story of please kill me!
Another night at the Korova Milk Bar.
Welly welly well my bloody droogs I believe it's time for a bit of the ole in out.
that guy is grabbing it way more than he has to
Is no one going to mention that the title makes no sense?
The title should have been ready for a bit of the ol mother's milk?
I don't understand the title of the post... Can someone explain? 
I don't even like girls but I want this for my living room lmao so I can explain it to all my visitors.
Ummm...Wut
...
I least she's not driving.
Came expecting old school doom, only slightly disappointed
Alex: There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova milkbar sold milk-plus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom, which is what we were drinking.
weird because I just got done watching that movie for the first time a few hours ago and it's not like there are references to it everywhere
When reading this book in school we actually made a cheat sheet for all the slang. I'll crast your clooch only means I'll steal your key But it sounds a lot worse.
But why isn't it a milkshake dispenser? I bet it would bring all the boys to the yard. 
Title gore 
What a stupid title
I first saw A Clockwork Orange as a young boy looking for them late night titties on cable tv.
Smh. Cant find anywhere to buy one
Man I didn't mind the clear one, but the red liquid made me cringe.Don't think I want to see that colour coming out of a nipple.
Where can you buy one of these? 
Uncanny valley
I should go watch that movie in a normal state of mind sometime see if it's really as nuts as I remember. Only time I've seen it I was on mushrooms and it was crazy.
Miagi say fill de cup wit wine
Wasn't there a movie where a girl squeezes her breast and some liquid come out in the middle of the dinner table?
The first dude is definitely Mr. Miyagi!!
The man that invented this was probably a bottle fed baby and is subconsciously coming to terms that he was not worthy of his mother's milk. That, or he's a total freak.
Someone call Ashley Judd! 
what... is this?
Some people have way too much time on their hands. 
Does it come in kag size? 
Come get one in the yarbles!
I'm way too drunk for this..
Hooters Shooters
Real horrorshow
These should be in every bar!And now now I'm not sexist their should be two balls which when squeezed drink comes out of a massive dong for the ladies.
Why is Mr.Miyagi giving this thing nipple flick technique. 
Okay the white wine was bad,real bad... but the red wine is TERRIFYING
They was about to preform the ol' in out in out
One step toward breastfeeding robot. Good job Japanese.
Thank you Japan! (I'm assuming that this is a Japanese thing) 
Lemao that would be extremely hilarious at a party
Like a bag of sand
old man looks like Mr. Miyagi.
I like how one guy is playing with the nipple while getting drink and the other guy is like GIVE ME WINE! SQUEEEEEZE 
Ja. Pan.
That red coming out was real horror show.  
I, uhhh... I was told there would be violence? 
The first guy looks like Mr Miyagi(sp?) from the karate kid...i really hope it is!
No, but I'm easy for a bit of a repoat though.
Now this is my least proud fap...
That's a good but of milk plus right there
Moloko plus
Pardon me Lucy
Waiter - drink sir?Me - do you have a tit that just serves water?
Mr miagi getting into it 
Miso soup anyone?
God one of my favorite books.
They... they are squeezing the wrong breast. Why would they make it like that?
... What??
Japanese is fucking damn hentai
I like mine with vellocet!
Wait, that doesn't look like molko with velocicet.
A job for two ... who are of job age
Why is there red wine coming out of Selena Gomez' boob?
I imagine that juice would have a rubbery taste to it. Gross. 
Ready
What else do you expect from the only country to have been nuked not once but three times.
One of these guys just wants a drink, the other just wants to touch a titty.
Well hey its better than raping cows for their milk
red wine is disturbing as fuck
I'd feel uncomfortable.
Lol I almost want one
Well, that's not what the title had me expecting.
I like how they cut to the face as if she's going to have a reaction.
I can imagine some neckbeard in his basement having this, and maybe insisting that his friend who comes over once or twice a year drinks from it. 
Titty Twister Tea
WTF Japan?!?!
Thread: creeptacular 
In my hometown, there's a public fountain which is basically the hundreds-of-years-ago-stone-made version of this one
I'm confused by OP's title.
Titty Juicehttps://youtu.be/n0bjbR2T-mY
Thanks Lucy
What is this doing off of r/SpaceFeminism?
I don't get the title.
way too violent. MY EYES!
He man, could you get me a refill?Naw... I'm really not comfortable with that...
NICE!
Had to check the subreddit to make sure one of... THOSE places hadn't made it to the front page.
For those who missed the reference, its from A Clockwork Orange. http://i.imgur.com/xoQHnyY.jpg 
Better than a beer helmet
With red and white wine, as shown here, it just looks like a horrible infection.
I'd accept Bailey's
Even better if this were the lube dispenser at an Eyes Wide Shut themed orgy.Protip: silicone based lube lasts longer and feels better but is harder to clean and will eat any toys or clothing containing silicone, always stock your dispenser tits with water based lubricants.
At a mcpoyle wedding 
Laced with mescaline
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie Boy and Dim. And we sat in the Korova Milk Bar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova Milk Bar sold milk plus - milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old Ultra-Violence. One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy old drunky howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going Blerp Blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that whatever his age might be. But more especially when he was real old like this one was.
  
We only drink mothers milk. 
r/mcpoyle
Maybe accompanied by a bit of Ludwig Van.
Would give me a whole new impression of the 'milk' bar in Majora's Mask.
Or four loko inside a cornerstore. 
McPoyle
That would work better because both boobs and also Clockwork Orange.
Strawberry milk 
Milk Plus?
With favourites like milk-plus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom.
Like something out of Clockwork Orange!
And white wine coming out of the urethra, whilst nutella coming out of the anus.
The McPoyle's made it to Reddit?!
And they spoke with nadsat
Moloko
McPoyle?
Yes, sir! Please?!
Even if it was moloko, they put amphetamines in it in the book/movie.
One order of your finest milksteak please, well done.
You can't milk those...
Green Russians would be pretty sweet too 
Growin Boy!! https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1JaD9u0ND2Y/maxresdefault.jpg
....you mean like this?https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k89XvfQfTIM
A good cow... what a nice name for a bar...
If that gives you a chill [you're gonna love this!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLy-AwdCOmI)it is safe for work, just unusual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley
This is fine
https://youtu.be/D5aBYFln7pM
Really? Odd, I cum in my pants.
The cinema of the unsettling 
That part had me laughing, just the this is my life look is hilarious.
TBF, this is clearly a bloody stupid design if you *aren't* fetishizing it, so...
>no reason
He looks like Mr. Miyagi doing Nippon, Nip-off
I noticed that too. He does a lot more good ole fashion fondling than the woman. See how hard she squeezed it tho? She want that wine *now*
Uh wouldn't you?
I actually really don't like that lol creeped me the hell out!
Maybe that's how you select the color? Between red and white?
You have to squeeze the other tit to dispense the liquor
 Can someone explain what this man is saying?
A terrible grahzny vonny world, really, O my brothers!
Moloko Plus.
Eggy weggs! I would like to smash em!
O my brother 
This comment made me wonder if I had just had a stroke.  
Right right
Wow, a nadsat!
When I first read this book I became so enthralled in the dialogue that once I finished it I accidentally said one of the slang words in regular conversation. My friends looked at me like I was some kind of idiot
Am I having a stroke
O my brothers!
I still say the old in-out and I should probably...not.
Popped em right in the rookers
well im late to the party 
One thing I could never stand was to see a filthy dirty old drunky howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blurp blurp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts
Ya eunuch jellythou 
One of my favorite parts about learning Russian is learning the origins for Nadsat stuff like this
I'm singing in the rain....
*Naughty naughty naughty, you filthy old soomka!*
R.I.P.
Favorite quote from the movie. Have an upvote. 
Dear Japan, WTFSincerely, the World 
What is the link between a clockwork orange and this gif ?
In the book/movie A Clockwork Orange, thh thugs tend to hang out in a milkbar where the drink come from the breasts of mannequins. The book is set somewhere in the future and they use a lot of slang called Nadsat the author made up and ultra-violence was one of those words. It means rape so I expected much worse from this gif.   
Watch the movie A Clockwork Orange
That's obviously what they're made for. Fuck this glass shit. I'd gladly get thrown out of that party for doing it properly. 
>wax off technique... After a little foreplay and wine, maybe.
Came here for Miyagi. This deserves to be higher. 
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha 
Was all the fucked-up Harkonnen shit just in the David Lynch version? I don't remember much of the original novel.
It depends on who squeezes I would guess?
Rock the Casbah!
Neither is your name
Seems to refer to the movie Clockwork Orange.
we work hard, we play hard
It's a reference to the decor in the milk bar scene from A Clockwork Orange.
If the title and the hundred previous comments didn't help you, maybe this will:https://youtu.be/HI-mDTdeKR8?t=51s
Every seen the movie a clock work orange? No? That is why
It an A Clockwork Orange reference 
Someone has never seen a clockwork orange
It's a reference to the movie Clockwork Orange.
Man you're starting early.
That's far from being the worst orifice from which a sex doll could dispense red wine ...
From *A Clockwork Orange.* In the movie (which is futuristic) people go to milk bars which dispense drug laced milk from statues of naked women. The milk comes out of the nipples. Basically it looks just like this video. In ACO, the tables look like naked women too. In this stillshot, you can see the bar with the tables and the milk dispensers (**totally NSFW**).http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/a-clockwork-orange/images/9/9c/Korova5_(1).jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160219031858
I think it's a reference to A Clockwork Orange.
You NEED to see this movie.
https://youtu.be/HI-mDTdeKR8
At least it's not mimosas.
Could be worse, it could dispense various oozing dips!   
I mean I'm still trying to figure out why wine is coming out of a sex doll's joybags.
Now I know the origin of jug wine.
Disappointed in the lack of clockwork orange in this thread. 
Oh thank fuck you clarified that's what it was 
TRY THE WINE!
That comes out of her shoe.
What you doin in my waters?
Creamy 
With lemon juice, get some cement mixers coming out.
All creamy and Bailey's.I'm ollld greg! I got a mangina!!!!
so creamy.
Man I would suck the shit out of those tatas for some baileys. Until I started going on a diabetic shock I guess. 
I laughed way too much.  Thanks.
Some jerk will just fill it with acid.
Laced with PCP...
Right right.
It's the only way to fly.
Synthemesc
Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Moloko dremcon, moloko synthmesc
You mean Bitty
With a bit of the ol' in-out in-out.
Four Moloko
Thats the joke, friend
I was high when I saw this and I did NOT feel fantastic 
Damn, no one told me Radiohead had a new single out.
Is there a sub reddit for things that make you uncomfortable like this? 
Best video I've seen on YouTube in months.
Fuuuuuck that with a stick if you're tripping. Nope nope nope
I know it's wrong, but I liked it.
This is like Too Many Cooks level of unusual.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McFRonD-sjg
John Madden
I'd say it's NSFL!
That made me very uncomfortable and gave me chills. Not the good kind 
Am I going to die in 7 days now?
I've seen this video before and I used to think about it on the dark walk down the hallway to my bathroom in the middle of the night for months. I finally stopped but now those thoughts are back. Thank you for that ;P 
I didn't know Taylor Swift had a YouTube vlog
What the fuck did I just see?
Oh damn, I remember this from Babby
I watched this at work and was confused for the most part--and ended up laughing when shit turned upside-down
dude this shit's hilarious
That god awful sweater. During cocaine related cardiac arrhythmia a clothing designer somewhere said Sno flakes and Lazors with a ribbed half turtleneck! This is fucking BRILLIANT! and they made millions.
See also Melania Trump
IIRC this was debunked as a very elaborate description of a subjective perception--i.e. that graph is nonsense
Some people just want to drink their nipple wine in peace. smh
It's still a stupid design because you are going to need full time guards with sticks to keep people from putting their mouth on it and contaminating the whole bottle/dispenser.
If I was rich as hell I'd keep one of these around somewhere just because I think it's funny.
Mallory is famously quoted as having replied to the question Why did you want to climb Mount Everest? with the retort Because it's there.
Maybe it was for the #SEXUAL THRILL 
Oh I know exactly why he rubbed the nipple....It was to like, turn off the wine pump or something, right?
Well done 
Look at the great breasts on that woman, I wouldn't mind grabbing a handful.
It is from a book called A clockwork orange. There is also a Kubrick movie of the same name. 
its  the slang used in a clockwork orange, google a translator. Watch the film if you dare
Have you never read A Clockwork Orange?
Just look at this: https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:A_Clockwork_Orange
Molotov Heavy.
Get ready for a little of the ol' ultraviolence 
Bit of a pain in the gulliver,  me old orange?Just peet this here chasha of vellocet and you'll be righty-right in no time.  
Anyone else smell toast?
Time to retire and listen to a bit of the ol' Ludwig Van
I do too, and I don't think anyone gets it 
Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer, you can rely on me sir. 
Man, A Clockwork Orange was fucking weird 
F
Honestly this the most WTF ever in the 21st century.http://i.giphy.com/UsYpKp9s2gTy8.gif
But we love you the way you are.
i think the only correlation is from the milkbar in the film, the drink gets poured out of the breast of the statues.
Serving beverages from the nipples of a doll.
I heard there's a book written about it
He's pretty fucked up in the novel too
The best way to get someone to answer a question on reddit is to mock/ridicule something. Then some one will for sure correct you.And no, I have not seen clock work orange. thanks u/theopheno.
I know. But the place they go to drink is called a milk bar, so....
You mean, mammosas?
>implying you wouldn't want to drink mimosas out of some rockin' titties
So close man. http://giphy.com/gifs/reaction-tim-and-eric-heidecker-fpdql5AgW7ziM
Bleu cheese dressing. Chunks and all.
Cause Japan, that's why.
Because it's supposed to be kinky. You squeeze the boob to get some wine. Instead of squeezing the boob and getting nothing, a slap, or milk.
Go watch the movie A Clockwork Orange and then come back go the discussion.
The answer is why not.
Well, to be fair, I don't recall anyone drinking red wine out of tits in the story, either.
I agree! 
ah this must be the club where people wee on each other
Ah the old gregaroo 
Creamy, creamy beige 
It's attached to your rod mother-licker!
That would be some sight. 
Um, they were bath salts. Get your shit together. 
Follow the white rabbit, Neo.
 vellocet, synthemesc , drencrom
Psh, I prefer moloko plus vellocet. 
It's just like that movie with that guy with the bowler hat, and it's like the future but it's the 70's
1 theory is that the random footage of the woods is where he buried the bodies.  and he dresses the mannequin in his victims' clothing
That video was two minutes too long.
Yeah, no. Do NOT watch that video if you're stoned. Jesus christ.
Fantatic* 
I'm also high and grateful for seeing your post prior to opening the link
I was fantastic
hey hey hey^ey
That was clearly Bon Iver.
/r/deepintoyoutube sometimes has stuff like this.
There was an askreddit thread a couple weeks back about creepy youtube videos, this was there and a bunch of similar stuff.
That would be r/yourunclejim.
If you want to get specific about the above video, this is the term you're looking for:   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley   (The topic is actually pretty fascinating in my opinion.)   But if you're talking about general feelings of discomfort, I'm not sure.
read my theory about it below
Oh, you sweet summer child. There's going to be a LOT of contamination at any party where you'd use that dispenser, drinks or no drinks.Although TBF guards with sticks might totally go over, so there's that...
> guards with sticksWe've come full circle to the Clockwork Orange references I see.
I'd have it plugged up in the kitchen with a milk dispensary. Perfect for morning coffee and cereal! 
Once the old guy is finished, of course.
Ah yes indeed. Thank you kind sir.
If that's how the book was written I'd never had made it through.  The movie was awesome tho!  I still remember that scene with the penis furniture and the home invasion... maybe seeing that movie at age 10 was a little early.
No time for the ol' in-n-out luv 
Yeah Clockwork Orange didn't make much sense to me in movie form, and it appears from these comments it wouldn't make much sense to me in book form either.
U
Can I get some context?
Can I get a NSFW tag? Jeeze man
But please stop drawing underaged girls in your hentai
And the headline hints to the fact that they would drink Miloko Plus before going out on their violence-sprees.
Oh, now I remember, thank you.
I don't believe you two didn't plan that. 
M'Mosas
That could be dispensed out of the vagina 
Have that one come out the ass, squeeze the cheeks like a big ass pimple! 
Whitehouse?
You didn't even link it man. What kind of roo are you?
Easy there ya fuzzy little man peach 
[Sorry...](http://www.swagger.mx/media/bi/mediabrowser/2016/08/consejos-como-sobrevivir-a-mi-ex-pelicula-3.gif)
Drencrom, which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up for a bit of the old ultraviolence.
In have a theory that it's just some jerry with an engineering hobby and odd sense of humor.
Neat.
Actually, it was just some programmer who sold songs sung by the robot he made. This was some music video for a song someone requested.
no stop
wtf
Oh, ouch. Muh music taste 
Nah it was definitely Glados
Where you find stuff like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1Og5Tg_Jyo (warning: all the drugs)
I'll second this and also occasionally r/Ooer. OMAN.
I was hoping it was real. 
M'loko.
Give A Clockwork Orange a look see, brother. Things will make sense.
As someone who has read the book *and* watched the movie, I thoroughly disagree.The best part about the book *was* how it was written. It's a kind of a pidgin language of Russian and British slang. Difficult to understand what's going on in the beginning, since it's all described first-person by the main character in this language, but you pretty much learn through context what he's saying and what's going on as you read the book. Learning the language as I read was absolutely fascinating. The movie never really captured that aspect of the book. The best aspect, in my opinion. It was still cool in its own right, since it's Kubrick, but for very different reasons.Just an example about how fascinating and well-designed the language is:The term horror show is used in the book to mean good or great. Because of the culture of violence in the setting, this makes sense. Something terribly violent and disturbing happens, so some kid will yell that was a horror show! And it makes sense because, I imagine, it was quite a horror!BUT, if you know a bit of Russian, there's another side of it. In Russian the word , pronounced hara-sho, means good. Horror show. Hara sho.Stuff like that is what I absolutely loved about the book. Maybe it helps if you know some Russian coming into it, but there's always google and wikipedia!
Nadsat, Russian for teen, is the invented slang in which Alex narrates the novel. In addition to the Russian influence, Nadsat derives from a number of other sources: Romany; Cockney rhyming slang; the language of the criminal underworld; the English of Shakespeare and the Elizabethans; armed forces slang; and the Malay language familiar to BurgessBurgess viewed his use of Nadsat as a brainwashing device, something he writes about in Youve Had Your Time (1990): The novel was to be an exercise in linguistic programming, with the exoticisms gradually clarified by context.Source: https://www.anthonyburgess.org
The one of the best parts about that book is that in the beginning you're pretty lost with the language. By the end your fluent in it. One of my all time favorites.
I read the book as a teen and yeah it was hard as fuck to read but still a good read.  Also the cliche of the book is better than the movie applies here.  The movie omitted the entire last chapter, and there's way more debauchery to be had in the book
A bit early, yeah.
the book is written that way, yes. there's a glossary, but you pick it up really fast.
that is how it is written. it doesn't take long to acclimate.  I read it at 14. it's amazing.  context clues are abundant. 
There's a glossary in the back of the book. It's very helpful.
10!? Yes, that's too early to watch multiple rapes on film.
I went into the book having no idea about the nadsat. First quarter of the book was hard to read. Second quarter I got much better at understanding it. Lat half was smooth sailing and FANTASTIC.It basically brainwashes you to understand the language through brute force. Frankly it's the coolest part of what makes the book special.
You saw that at 10? I was scarred watching it at 18 with my boyfriend.But about the weird language thing, I never got around to reading Clockwork Orange but the book Pygmy by Chuck Palahniuk has a similar writing style and I loved it. It's a bit hard to get used to, but a few chapters in it's like you start to learn the kid's language (which is like bad engrish). It adds a layer of almost innocence to the fucked up stuff happening in the book.
I read it that way
It's an amazing book, you should give it a shot.
Just come to read the meter!
The constant use of literature devices was astounding tbh. If nothing I was impressed by how much of what they said made sense yet were not even real words. 
Lol. When I read it I actually had to make a dictionary of all the words for myself to go back and look at if I forgot what a word meant. I think I could actually speak in that slang pretty fluently now.
N
I think that was Trump making fun of a disabled reporter during his campaign.
Context: Even after this video circulated of this entity mocking a reporter with a disability, a minority of voters elected it to be the President of the United States of America.
Trump was making fun 9f a journalist with a degenrative disease.
They're my alternate accounts.
That cracked me up.
With a name like depletedyourcranium I feel like puns are as natural for this guy as breathing. 
tips hat *
Didn't want to finish digesting my breakfast anyways, thanks 
Guys! GUYS! ENOUGH
the hot fudge comes out of the ass
The ass is the chocolate fountain. 
Or have it come out of a big ass pimple, and use the asshole for hot fudge.
My man!
Trump Tower? 
[Greggaroo, what the fuck was in that Bailey's?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LZo9ugJTWQ&app=desktop) 
Hehe, great gif
Why's it gotta be Jerome? Why can't it be Tommy or Philbert or something?
No! Everything unusual is and IRL creepypasta!
citation? 
\**tips bowler*\*
Velocet 
Great book, the real horror dawns as your grasp of the language improves with reading.
I started reading it incredibly hungover and had no clue what was going on. I revisited it sober and had the same level of understanding, but once I got into it it I loved it. Still one of my favourite books
I had to read each paragraph 3 times to understand exactly what was being said. Well worth it.
To be (needlessly?) pedantic, 'nadsat' is not a real word in russian, but rather the repeating part of the numerals from 11 to 19 (just like 'teen' repeats itself from thirteen to nineteen). The difference is, russian speakers won't understand what 'nadsat' means if you say it to them, while 'teen' has a real meaning in english.
The funniest thing about CO is that Burgess hates it and thinks it's a terrible book. 
The last chapter was a bad idea, and would have undermined the rest of the movie.  Kubrick was right to leave it out.  (Some say he didn't actually know about it.)Overall, though, comparing the book and movie is a bit like comparing the LotR books with the Peter Jackson trilogy.  They're both great, and their artistry is more orthogonal than rivalrous.  We need both.
Good to know!  maybe I'll give it a stab...
Meh, the sooner a kid learns that nothing he or she sees on a screen is real, the better.
Don't read the book then. Worst part about it is that the girls who Alex beds consensually in the movie are only ten in the book, and he rapes them as well. It's fucking awful, and the reason why I much prefer the film to the book.
First time I saw it I was fifteen and tripping on acid. That was an experience.
Welly welly well.
He developed an entire set of Russo - Anglo jargon. Pretty amazing.
I did that too. Really helped me remember the words and to this day I often think should cheest my litso when I wash my face. 
D
Goddamn, that's fucked up.
You nearly got me there! Certainly no civilized and educated Nation would elect a personality like this to the leader of it's country. 
Except it's not the amount of votes that determines the president.
Everyone on Reddit is a bot.Even you
That's what I figured. 
Various colored chocolate sauce!   
What next, honey coming out the ears! 
Slow down!
Sad!
Thank you! Now if you would be so kind as to hold my shoe, I'm going in. Edit: this roo was a lie. I need my shoe back.
I had to redeem myself somehow. Pondy wouldn't be pleased with me. Or he'd be too high to care. I really don't know.
It is... It's Jerome T. Philbert.
Just put your hands on the hood, Mohammed.
Philbert is too busy either turning the page or washing his hands.
Nono, Jerry as in WWII slang for Nazi. A Nazi with a weird sense of humour did it.    
http://www.androidworld.com/prod10.htmBest I could do. His robot was featured on some sort of mechanics blog. His business domain is down though.
Trainspotting and The Wake also have this going for them.  All of a sudden you're thinking in a form of language that's not native to you and it's a great feeling (partly because you can finally understand what the hell you're reading, but also because it's neat!).
Yeah, it was rather confusing starting off. But as long as you give it a chance, you'll be able to figure it out.I feel the same way about Lord of Light, by Roger Zelazny. One of my favorite books. Whenever I lend my copy to friends, I always warn them that the first chapter will make no sense whatsoever and they should keep on reading regardless. 
probably a good idea to brush up on my Russian anyway
He's dead Jim, he is incapable of hate and thought.
> ACO
Nadsat. There's translators online. 
I
It's funny. You would think the context would make the picture less absurd, but no, it's even more fucked up.
It really was, the media tried pinning it against him, but as always Trump's supporters defended him no matter what he did.
Civilized and educated... hahaha. Sir have you ever traveled south of Virginia? 
You're correct. No civilized and educated nation would.
Exactly, that's why a minority of the votes got him elected.
Doesn't look like anything to me. 
There is Literally only 3 users here. The rest are bots, including those 3 users
I AM TOTALLY A REAL HUMAN, WITH ARMS AND EMOTIONS AND LIQUID WASTE.  ALL THE HUMAN THINGS.
Lookin good!
Nah man, I sold your shoe in the ten seconds you were gone.
Pondys the coolest
Good ole JTP, always gives me a good chuckle.
It is?  TIL.
Creepy to think that the robot is just sitting around somewhere, no longer used.
I don't have a thing against needles, but for some reason watching people inject themselves makes me sick. I stopped trainspotting like 5 min in (and funnily enough breaking bad once Jesse and his gf started shooting up) 
And how would you know?
P
That's the problem with Trump. Worse *with* context.
That's what people do. Just like Clinton supporters supported her thru her mishandling of state secrets.Not trying to start a political debate, just pointing out that's how people work. They defend what they believe in even if it's fucked up, you get blinded by it. (I didn't support any of them and I'm not an American)
Not disputing that.  Just pointing out that isn't how the president is decided
My man!
Yes!
Yep, we were the Tommies and they were the Jerrys.
He's dead too.
Hey, not bad.  Good work. 
I disagree, many hated the shit out of her. But succumbed to the thought that as much of a cunt she is, trump is the greater of two evils. Being evil is better than being dumb evil and embarrassing.
I agree of course, people will back up the candidate they support. Clinton did act very inappropriately with using her personal email. Her supporters backed her up.I supported Bernie, he never had anything uncovered on him, but I'm sure if he did, his supporters would have said it was nothing. It's only natural.
Wow a down voted neutral point that's cool 
Be careful around here. Some say Reddit can't handle the truth.
Slow down!!
Like the cartoon!!!
Or we could have tried and give the 2 party system a blow and gotten a third party enough votes so they'd be required at the next debate. There's evil and dumb, evil, and then there's the system that forced us to choose between two awful candidates because we ignored some pretty solid advice George Washington had. 
That's reddit for you. People don't like simple neutral logic.
Looks like his brakes locked up and he was sliding. That would have been pretty scary.
Where the heck are they?  Is that at a quarry or a strip mine or something?
Gotta suck being that truck driver. But man those people are paid. Ya know if they didn't drown to death or whatever. 
[video source](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=620_1484514142#comment_page=2)
IAE impressed that the SUV managed to basically stay on its tires the whole way down? I expected it to flip
Does the guy still have to pay the tow truck for the service call?
Not much of a fuck up...He used that other car nicely to slow his slide.
Tow Truck Fuck Up would be a great band or album name.
That takes serious balls to drive backwards there
That's called generating business.
Why the fuck were they there? Why the fuck was the truck sliding? Who the fuck is the guy who always turns up to record shit like this?
You think the road was icy??
I have had nightmares like this since I was a little kid, fuuuck this
That car owner is stoked! That went from operator error to new car smell!
Surely not the truck for the job.
[Article](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4124268/Tow-Truck-FAIL-Breakdown-vehicle-comes-save-car-teetering-edge-embankment-smash-push-ledge.html) for the event. Edit - added for
looks like road was iced. They should have just left that van and waited.
Can't comprehend where they could possibly be
Boss!?  Boss?  You OK?
Problem solved
Oh my!
Hate it when that happens.
*Push* truck seems more accurate.
He didn't even try to jump or anything, I would've been out of that bitch!
Gonna need a bigger truck.
That's a flatbed truck
Source?
Well, they did call a wrecker
Considering a large majority of tow truck companies fuck people out hundreds of dollars everyday, It's nice to think they'll be paying a nice sum to the owners of that car.
they're gonna need a bigger tow truck
HOW in the sam hell did they get to choco mountain from mariokart64
You have experienced deferred success. Would you like to try again?
china, india, thailand? zero security often means it's one of those countries.. :-)
Looks like a lock up of the brakes of the tow truck caused a fucked up turnout.
I don't think I've ever seen a vertical video with zoom before... is that a post-processing effect?
$200 tow just became $5k recovery.That's just smart business.
Can someone dub Cleveland on here? 
Too bad he didn't have CAA. 
Yeah,  that driver fucked up like 83% as badly as the numbnuts who shot this video in portrait. 
I think most people will destroy somebody else's car...especially considering their job is pretty much just boned.
[deleted]
Why park there??
Nah man, he just needed a challenge. Wash meh get dis bishh up naw
Long... live... the king....
I'm glad this was captured at 8 frames per second. 
Hope there were people in there.
I guess you can sayHe trucked upYEAHHHHHHHHHHHH
GG dickhead
Scary like hell, for other drivers. I hope that car had no driver.
Would hitting the gas have helped?
Yeah his truck did the exact same thing as the car that needed rescue... People are fucking morons sometimes 
[deleted]
Looks like a quarry to me. They like to fill with water like that.
dont think so, the water is not still but moving, more like a riverbed. horrific fucking road to be driving. dont think this video shows how steep it probably is 
In a couple frames you can see how long the water way is, I think this is a built up river wall, possibly near a dam? It looks like it's moving slowly towards the camera.At first I thought quarry as well, but water wouldn't be moving in a quarry.
How would one drown not to death?
Medic here. I had a bad run last summer, a well known local tow truck driver was hit on the side of the parkway towing a car. It was one of the worst traumas I've ever worked. They didn't make it.  They definitely have my respect.  I mean, they always have - but working on the road is a dangerous profession. 
Plus they can get shot at with some jobs.
If tv & movies have taught me anything it's that the car is supposed to tumble over several times and burst into a fireball at the bottom.
Well the vehicle's *technically* not stuck anymore. 
Yes, but now it includes a free wash.  Definitely getting his money's worth!
Nah but now they have a flip over fee.
Yeah, but instead of a tow, this is now a water recovery.  The price just increased exponentially.
I bet he called the shot... black minivan, corner pocket 
His brakes locked up and he was sliding backwards...
mud and steeper than it looks
Oily perhaps?
you do? /https://youtu.be/mxF_E5vLMGw
Thanks for the link, but the Mail can go fuck themselves for their shit post. I wanted to know where it happened, and some sort of explanation for why...instead they just describe the fucking video, which takes longer than simply watching it.That's like the journalistic equivalent of rephrasing the same idea five or six times in a term paper just to pad your page count, in combination with triple spacing every line.
what now? 
I'm guessing he was able to stop before losing control due to poor road condition.
I'd never say that.
No just no
For other drivers? Like...all the drivers on that narrow, obviously not a public road, road?
I think that was the car he was towing, so I don't think the driver was in it.
Then there would be less friction on an already low friction surface. You're pretty much just boned. Best thing to do would be unlock brakes and put it into the wall.  Edit* probably should have walked down and sanded that bitch first too
Maybe.  He was sliding back with locked tires so there was no stopping.  If he hit the gas he would have steering, which is nice. He may alos have been able to cut through the slime he was sliding on and start moving forward.It probably wouldn't have made things worse.
Have you never made bad decisions before?
why be a dick?
Just because they like to, no specific reason, it looks cool
And the same is true for any open-pit mine.  In fact a quarry is just a type of mine.
No guard rails, no markings.  Private access road?  You're right: bad place to break down or bring a flatbed tow truck down.
Come here I'll show you. 
What is dead may never die
[deleted]
I don't know about you, but I think I would still consider sinking into a water filled quarry as 'stuck'
Your car is now a boat, you're welcome
I guessing it was a mud slick.
NOPE!
unfortunately I agree with you, I too wanted to know where it happened. But this is the only article I found at the time. I am hoping it is updated. Edit - added a space
This is modern journalism for you.It's no longer about who, what, where, when, and how, but describing what's going on without explanation. One could easily watch a video of an event and see what is happening, but if you want to make money today, you have to add something.That something is called words.By describing what is happening in the video, you provide your readers a reason to stay on your page.Because video content can be very short, it's the duty of the modern journalist to say something ... anything.Providing more information requires time (and sometimes resources) that journalists simply no long have, so to keep the reader's attention, you have to add words over, or alongside, the video presentation.Adding a description of the event helps your readers stay on the page and read more.
Yes, every single one of those other drivers must have been extremely scared. 
Probably shouldn't have tried to take an even heavier vehicle onto the 45 degree angled, slippery-ass slope that already stranded the car needing to be saved. 
No sand IMO. Probably should have never attempted recovery solo. Some are impossible. Now they have to get that tow truck out. 20k winch should have been used.
It looks like he had the back corner of the truck against the wall but it just kept going. Seems like he stopped just short of falling over after the car... scary stuff.
Probably never a bad decision that resulted in destroying somebody else's car...especially considering their job is pretty much the exact opposite...
Yeah but I've never watched someone stick their hand in boiling water and then stick my hand in boiling water.
I think he means more along the lines of quarries have a tendency to naturally fill with water
But all the cool quarries are doing it, Mom!
We have something like that here in my hometown. They just keeping digging below the water table and pump all the water out until they are done, then the pit fills up with water.
Redditboarding
Bankruptcy
It's called a near-drowning.  Like the term electrocution (a portmanteau of electrical execution), drowning means the person died.  The terms for injuries that stop short of death would be electric shock and near-drowning.
*more stuck*
Millions of drivers crying out in terror and then, suddenly silenced.
Eh if your job is to tow cars you're going to have more opportunities to destroy someone's car.
I think most people will destroy somebody else's car at at least one point in their life...
Literally any hole that is below the water table will naturally fill with water 
AAAHHHBBLllaarrghblaarrghllgarrrggggblaaargh^*gasp*AARRRRGLHHBLUHHGLUUbglublubglaaab
Cowabunga!? 
The misuse of electrocute drives me crazy.
Water asphyxiation perhaps?
The correct term is stucker
On Alderdaam.
That's fair but they should also be better prepared to not destroy them. With increased opportunities should come increased experience...but it could  also be his first day so that would go out the window.
I think you overestimate how many people get in massive motor vehicle accidents. While it's true most people will probably be involved in a small car accident I imagine the percentage of people who cause accidents that cause damage equal to pushing a car into a flooded quarry is much smaller. 
Found the guy from Detroit!
You don't have to tell me, I was just explaining the comment to him
Even above the water table, rain water will collect in the hole.
Oh yeah? What if it's an open volcanic pit below water level?Checkmate
God damnit. Now it will annoy me too. Along with decimate. 
Electrician?
Well, it is that.  Asphyxiation (dieing from lack of oxygen) due to water.I was trying to find Latin or medical term for drowning. asphyxiation by submersion (asphyxiation submersi), perhaps?  Hydroasphixia?I think some of the confusion stems from drown's various forms.  The serial killer drowns his victim.  The body revealed the cause of death was drowning.  The diver drowned when he ran out of air.  Help him, he's drowning!, that is, the victim is in the process of drowning.  In the last case, the victim can be saved from the drowning process, and that's what people prefer to think about.
similar to how I stuckered your mom last night
iirc, this happened in China--- im really worried this is the type of work you can expect from Chinese engineers. it's really scary t imagine what if more of their standard of work spread through the world.
You know accidents happen to the most experienced people. 
Maybe you underestimate it. If you consider how many heavy accidents per year occur most people should destroy at least a car in their lifetimes. The ones which have a license and drive accident-free are extremely rare. If I think of people I know... My father and mother alone have destroyed at least a dozen cars, my father had to buy a new one every two years. A friend has destroyed his on his first day with a license. Another friend had his girlfriend destroying one. I destroyed a motorbike (and me - but both got mostly repaired). All my cars were economically totally damaged...
But that will evaporate when it stops raining.
You're operating on a very loose definition of hole 
I always call them electrocutions to be a smartass. 
I sure do hope you bought her breakfast this morning. 
Oh wow...that had never crossed my mind! How could I be so blind?! Thank you for showing me the error of my ways! This isn't just a case of it being an accident...it's being blatantly careless. An accident would be the tow truck backing up to far and nudging the bumper of a car. Being careless is being called out to tow a car that has slid down a clearly slippery slope and just backing down or without taking any precautions. 
It sounds like you're surrounded by shitty drivers.
Well yeah, slowly, depending on the weather.
Genuine, but potentially stupid question... It sounds like you're implying that evaporation is less, or even nonexistent when below the water table... is that true?
Well you did say literally any hole and I'm just being a pedantic jackass lol
Took her out for breakfast and stucker  with the bill
You figured out all this within the 15 seconds of a gif? The world will never run perfectly.  Humans make mistakes. 
Nah, I agree with those people who say that totaling a car is quite normal. I've totaled three cars in accidents and yet I have extremely low insurance premiums because I have a perfect record and zero tickets. They call them accidents because shit just happens. People get involved in accidents that total their cars all the time without being at fault. Driving is an inherently risky activity and accidents are not necessarily any individual's fault. If you live long enough you'll probably total a few cars. 
I think it means that the rate of inflow from being below the water table would make the rate of evaporation negligable. 
Duh, if evaporation would occur below the water table then the ocean would evaporate and be gone. This occurrence has been witnessed on the moon and mars. Known as watergate, the resulting over saturated atmosphere purges all air through a process similar to cavitation. Resulting in a full breakdown of the atmosphere, boom, unlivable planet. 
No but more water will come from underground to fill it Edit: do you know how the water table works 
Also, if I sit below the water table, does my butthole fill with water?
Driving is dangerous, but that's why we drive while being constantly vigilant and practice defensive driving. And, insurance companies tend to not refer to them as accidents anymore. They're collisions or crashes. An accident implies no one is at fault and generally it is the fault of one driver or the other. Such as not leaving enough room, driving too fast for road conditions, running yellow/red lights, etc. Totalling 3 cars is totalling 3 cars more than normal. 
You guys took a perfectly good video of someone's car being destroyed and ruined it with science. 
Only one way to find out. 
Uhh...Yea I'm gonna need a name.
I feel like this could be a porn parody of total recall. Like Quato is going to enter the scene any second. 
It bothered me because they look like the faces on Thomas and his friends. 
Wtf is an underboob face? Op is terrible at naming things.... ooo yeah, that's an underboob face. 
Troma films?
I thought you meant bee movie 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DToDkNyQqm4&t=3381s <---- full movie 
I find that every boob has its own personality
Start the reactor.
I'm seeing Jack Nicholson and George W. Bush
Couod get your balls sucked while you titty fuck. Theres something wrong with my brain.
[First thought.](https://gifsound.com/?gifv=aZwxryN&v=OPdDdC4go6c&s=22)
HAHA new favorite gif of all time
A combination of Harry Potter 1 and 5.
Ah society :D
[Night Angel](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100247/)
The right one looks a little bit like Nicolas Cage.
For some reason I thought you meant the bee movie, and I was very concerned about what was going to be under there.
Both of these faces are perfect representations of my reaction. 
Damn it mom, not again
The gentleman look happy enough
DDD movie
More outlets for blow jobs the way I see it.
Left one doesn't like the smell as much as the right one. 
quaid, shut down the reactooor!
bipolar breasts 
This could be straight out of Berserk!
The twins are getting rowdy!
this isnt the B movie i know of!
Xpost underboobs might appreciate it
Ya like jazz?
My wife has this condition. AMA. 
That title was tragically accurate. 
B movie?Looks more like a double-D movie to me.
Ahahahaha what the fucking fuck
Another one of those posts I feel started in a thread on /d/.
Good to see that the younger Baldwin brothers keeping their careers going
[Quaid...](http://i.imgur.com/ypWp2Xv.jpg) 
https://www.google.com/search?q=Susie+sparks&client=ms-android-google&prmd=vin&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiL09ek_YjSAhVoyVQKHUPiAmwQ_AUICCgC&biw=412&bih=604&dpr=3.5#tbm=isch&q=Susie+sparks+nudeNot as appetizing as you would think
Suzie Sparks
Didn't your parents give you one at birth? :blink:
You'll also need [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5tch7z/reddit_what_is_your_least_proud_fap/) to tell the world about it afterwards.
Quaid, open your leeeeeegs
Nope. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100247/
Had the same though. I might have even put a nickel on it.
The one on the right mind of reminds me of James Franco 
Nope. Night Angel. Society has a face on an ass. 
Holy areolie... 
Actually those are some grade-A tittays imo 
Thanks
Huh... This was an.... Unexpected photo in those results. https://www.google.ca/search?q=Susie+sparks&client=ms-android-google&prmd=vin&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiL09ek_YjSAhVoyVQKHUPiAmwQ_AUICCgC&biw=412&bih=604&dpr=3.5&gws_rd=cr&ei=4NWfWJY7qaKPBLnjkYAF#tbm=isch&q=Susie+sparks+nude&imgrc=O8EZAQfJ2wf_DM:
Thanks man.
Gross.
I'm gonna tell mom you're on reddit again, dad.
\>Assuming that I'm not proud.
>Suzie Sparks as Woman With Faces Under Breasts
Is it a soft core porn? If not, someone send it to the RLM guys so those frauds can suffer through it in Best of the Worst
jeezus in some of those pics her boobs literally look like old tube socks.
Now that's a mangey minge!
[deleted]
He named me Sue 
I'm genuinely sorry for your virginity.
I loved learning about this in my genetics classes. It shows that, while the parts on our body each serve a specific purpose, they're nothing more than code that can be programmed anywhere else on the body, or even erased completely. Fascinating stuff.
Kill......me
Out of curiosity were the eyes still wired into it's brain or are they completely vestigial? (Is vestigial even the right word here? I feel like that only applies to things from the past but I'm not 100%)
This is one of the first times I've actually thought to myself, Maybe science *has* gone too far.I realize it's just a fly, but damn.  Is that any way for something to live?
[My knees are tearing up...](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11124/111242889/4790625-7982852607-We%2BCa.jpg)
Its so he can see where hes going
I knew a high school science teacher that had a bizarre fruit fly mutation experiment.  Exposed to UV light, each generation would have mutants.He would cull the healthy fruit flies, and let the mutants breed if they could.  He would microscopically photograph his greatest hits.  Dayamn.  Some real Cronenbergs, there.
Remind me of the squidbillys episode where they genetically modify chickens to have like 20 wings so they could harvest more chicken wings. Great idea 
That's all well and good, but did they find the gene to give the flu multiple asses?
Grant us eyes. Grant us eyyyyyyyeeeeeessssss.... Muahahahahahahahha
You have My sword -Stryder  And my AXE! -Grimley  ^and MY **EYES** -Legeyeless
We all know how this ends guys. Just kill itNow before it becomes sentient 
this is how we end up with Cronenbergs. Stahp before it's too late!
Master Provost.  I can see clearly now.
Hindsight is always 20/20.
That would make a good Bloodborne enemy. He was granted eyes to cleanse his beastly idiocy.
This reminds me of the curse where you develop tastebuds in your ass hole
My first thought comes from Jurassic Park: Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didnt stop to think if they should.Of course, the other quote I think of comes from Contact, but I can't find it anywhere, so I have to paraphrase it.  It's where Elle says something about how silly it is to consider these newly discovered aliens as a threat, and she compared us to them by saying that them killing us would be like us going out of our way to kill some amoebas in the desert, and the reply from Dr. Drumlin was something like, interesting analogy - and just how guilty would we feel doing that?We've got to learn this stuff somewhere, but boy would the world go crazy if a cow were born with eyes on its legs!  It's interesting as to what triggers our curiosity and what triggers our guilt/disgust?  Honestly, this item has to be right on the cusp!
Huh. How very...Cronenbergian. 
I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW, MY LEGS ARE GONE
That's horrifying.  I get the need and the science, but it's still horrifying. 
I CAN SEE EVERYTHING
Dang, we must be like Cthulhu or some such thing to them. Associating with us produces vile mutants, and we live for eons compared to them.
Please.....kill.......me........please...........
Actually this is not a mutation. The genetic material was injected into the embryo, so this condition is not hereditary -> This fly's offspring would be wild type. 
Now *this* is a quality /r/wtf post. Truly good stuff op.
But can it see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch?
I had previously seen the pic of a fly with legs growing where it's eyes should be. This is much, much worse.
I can see clearly now, my legs are eyes 
The ultimate r/fuckingwithnature
I'm walking on bug's eyes OoOoyeahAnd don't it feel good!
how is that ethical?
It's even better in a video:  https://youtu.be/_JIHSTEhljA(I made this movie & had my daughter post it years ago)
Oh boy, more eyeholes!
Look where you're walking, fruit fly.
Is this Naruto
What would you rather fight, 50million eye-legged flies, or 50 million leg-eyed flies?
Kill me. KILL meeeee.
I figured they wouldn't work but if someone could prove me wrong and educate me be my guest.
Looks like it says eyelegs in the bottom right
Well if it isn't my old friend, Mr McFly!With an eye for a leg and a leg for an eye!
Just seems like reverse-engineering a computer program, to be honest. I guess data is data, digital or biological....
I SEE EVERYTHING! 
I see what you did there.
Kill me...
this is eventually going to lead to a real life horror movie
Did it also grow eyes where the wings would be? Am I the only one fascinated by that?
Weird how this fly's life was meant for scientists to see what happens.  Imagine getting reincarnated into somebody's science experiment.
Killll meeee
You can buy GM fruit flies with no wings in many pet stores. Great fore feeding very small pets like baby spiders or frogs.
Ethics approval isn't required for a lot of insects.  A friend of mine did a her project on survival of cockroaches in sleep deprivation and starved conditions.  Interestingly enough, if you sleep deprive a cockroach but feed them, they survive up to 40 days even with relatively similar metabolism to humans.
cool
Atleast now he has good see legs
That's fucked up.
Eye see what they did there...
amazing
>eww i've got shit in my eye
That's some Byrgenwerth BS...
That looks like a resident evil boss.
and yet i still can't get my tonsils turned into the cells that generate electricity in an electric eel. fucking useless
Regardless of the scientific merit of this research, just keeping the guys who are willing to do this off the street is justification enough for me.
[deleted]
How many fingers am I holding up, Mr. Fly?Fuck your mother, Jerry. This isn't what I signed up for....so you didn't see it coming? What about now? How's your hindsight?You're lucky I literally can't kick your ass anymore, Jerry. I'll SEE you in court.
Ah, that explains my dick. They must have used pinky toe code instead of magnum dong code by accident
Hox genes, yeah? 
it actually works because insects (arthropods) are basically a segmented tube with one pair of legs on each segmentduring evolution those legs have been specialized in all kinds of things, like eyes, mouth parts, pincers, things to lay eggs, breathing apparatus, spinnerets and more
How do you think they feel about this?Eh, fruitflies are used to it. 
Great, now we just need to figure out what the code for godmode and infinite ammo is, and we'll be set.
Every moment I live...is agony
Ed... Ward...
*Later.*
If that fruit fly could talk, huh?
Most likely they are nonfuctional
So ectopic organ would be a more appropriate word than vestigial. Drosophila melanogaster (the fly in question) actually have a gene called vestigial that when mutated results in small non functional wings. In this case the eyes would be non-functional in that they would not provide vision, however they would respond to light stimuli.I actually completed my PhD project using Drosophila and am currently still working with them. Happy to answer anything else. 
The eye works in the sense that the cells actually are able to detect light, however they lack the appropriate nerve connections to the brain and so they offer no sensory input at all. 
That's called empathy and it's a good trait to have. The flip side is that millions of flies are born and die in any given week. By fucking around with a handful of them we can potentially save the lives, or improve the lives, of humans.Ethics is a scale, not an on off switch. I'm OK with this work on flies. 
ya what if he hurt the flys feelings
i never thought that would ever be relevant.
If I woke up looking like that, I would just run to the nearest living thing and kill it.
This is the first thing I thought of. 
You are a god for making this work haha
It don't matter. None of this matters.
He'll be able to get a jump on things.
What were some of the worst like? Does he have a site?
This is so bad but it makes me laugh.
Someone get Elon on the phone
It only has one ass! It's useless!
As you once did for the vacuous Rom...
...20/20, 20/20, 20/20...
Ram the Vacuous Fruit Fly
[OH GOD, I CAN SEE FOREVER](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/080/574/1239543257082.jpg)
I want to see that. 
https://youtu.be/ULPktjNserc
Are you serious?
The difference science and fucking around is that scientists take notes.
Pretty sure stuff like medicine and modern technology is science at it's finest.
go to sleep my friend
It was good up till the last line.
At least you didn't get a leg code
Can't wait to go to WalMart to buy Magnum Dong Crispr pills in the future. That's how it's going to work, right? 
There's still hope for you, just go around with a wad of hundreds and a monster condom. It's called the Toboggan Mantis move.
I'm jelly. I can't paint my penis-nail :(
Better get a pack of monster condoms, Dr. Toboggan recommends it!
Be happy you have a small dick. Seriously. You can fuck tight chicks. I can barely fuck an Asian woman without splitting her in half; white chicks usually take about a half bottle of lube and sometimes I just can't even get it in. I'd love to just be able to throw my dick around in everyone and have anger problems...I'm just chill and satisfying most of the time.
Yeahn
So you're saying we can have fruit flies with butts where their legs are? Get to it Science!
Go ahead and ask them and then get back to us.
Existence is pain to a Meeseeks.
Look away... I'm hideous 
Hazaaar! Excelsior!Edit: Tough crowd lol. I suggest the downvotees to watch [Auralnauts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSCm8yAxBr8) on youtube to get it. (6m10secs)
I see what you did there xD
Yes......*if*.
And that conclusion is based on what?  Genuinely curious. 
I figured they wouldn't work but if the body tried to establish the neurological connections it would be interesting 
Idk about drosophila specifically, but other arthropod models have shown to at least exhibit photosensitivity... So it may not be able to see images but it may still be reflexively acting in response to them.Tldr: even if the brain can't process the images that fly might be the most difficult thing to swat ever created.
If I remember my developmental biology classes right they are indeed nonfunctional and there's no working neural connection to the leg-eyes.  
Strictly theoretically as i assume it would take way too long could the reproductive materials from two flies that were designed like this create an offspring that exhibited that same characteristics and on a long enough timeline through generation after generation might a mutation emerge which grants the fly the ability to see through those eyes?
I totally agree.  I have swatted flies for no reason in the past, so I have no right to judge.I think it's just hard to actually see it.  And the thought that this animal was born this way, for the use of other animals, and never really knew life as intended, or how it feels to walk.I realize this is just wasted thought/emotion, just needed to vent I think.  Thank you, kind redditor.  
Ok but what's the cut-off point?How many flies lives are equivalent to those of a human?Can the same principle be applied to other animals like dogs and cats?Utilitarian ethics raise a lot of interesting questions.
> That's called empathy and it's a good trait to have.  The flip side is that millions of **humans** are born and die in any given week. By fucking around with a handful of them we can potentially save the lives, or improve the lives, of humans.  Ethics is a scale, not an on off switch. I'm OK with this work on **humans**.
Carl Brutanilanewski is *always* relevant.
Nothing will distract him from keeping his eyes on the prize. Nothing. 
This was in pre-Internet times.  I heard it from one of his former students, who thought it was cool.  No idea what happened to the pictures.
Ya
To shreds you say?
Shit always has side effects...you may wind up with an inverted Magnum dong that bulges out of your taint; your whole body might be covered with tiny little dicks that ooze...the sheer possibilities are endless..
Careful! So far CRISPR can have issues with off-target effects. Other things might end up magnum size that you really don't want.Trust me. I'm a Genetic Engineer. 
You don't believe I'm a pilot? I don't believe you're a doctor
I just cringed harder than I have ever cringed before... This was hard to read
if you were doing foreplay right you would not need that much lube. it sounds like you're just bad at it. 
First time having sex with an Asian woman, I commented, 'You're tight, must not have had sex in a long time.'  She said, confused, 'No, I had last night with my husband.'
Ironically that fly can never look away.
You owe me 30 seconds of my life back
HE sees everything everyone does everywhere
Other mechanisms should be responsible for the generation of nerves rather eye structures, even for a basic lifeform such as a fly, so if this gene also creates specialised neural networks than a correctly functioning eye requires then sure.As a general rule of thumb, if its a misplaced growth its most likely not functional (think extra limbs on humans)But couldn't the motosensory fiber that runs to the foot of the fly be able to adapt to bring information from the extra eyes? Well a quick google search on house fly brains reveals that their brains consist of 3 parts - protocerebrum (controls eyes and ocelli (that is what the eye segment is called)), deutocerebrum (antennae), tritocerebrum (rest of the nervous system - aka foot nerves). Therefore the leg nerve would not connect to the protocerebrum and its produced signal would not be processed as vision. And turns out they're the furthest back in the brain.Couldn't the tritocerebrum be adapted to generate vision? Ya thats so unlikely mate don't kid yourself mate.If anyone can prove me wrong and educate me be my guest.
Think about an organism as a house's electricity system. The brain is the breaker box and the eyes are lights. The lights can still be there, but won't be functional if they're not properly connected to the breaker box. Something like that. 
The nerve connections wouldn't  be long enough, about 6 feet short apparently... 
I remembered an article about researchers putting an extra eyes on squid and the eye seemingly functioned and developed a neural network.Could this also happen to this?Biologists pls halp
Not an expert on fly pathologies, but if someone could prove me wrong that would be neat
Dear god... Flies are already almost impossible to swat without a swatter, these would rule us all mates.
Ha, interesting question but unfortunately almost certainly not. For a trait to become fixed in a population it has to provide a survival advantage and these guys are certainly at a disadvantage. The way they create these flies is by mis-expressing a gene important for development in cells that are typically fated to become other adult structure eg. legs, wings, antennae etc. without these adult structure they are not long for life!
About 43 flies
That's why its been studied so much over the years. In answer to that, everyone tends to have their own cut-off point based on personal ethics and we try to codify it to an acceptable social norm. The trolley problems are always an interesting demonstration of how different people vary though.
Yeah, that's why I said it's a scale. Precisely to avoid that retarded argument.
#WHERE'S MY FRIGGIN PAPER
Because fruit flies likely don't have the capacity to comprehend something like that. I mean shit, they could be doing it to puppies. 
These critters lack a defined brain or nervous system.  We would do it to sponges, but they have more chromosomes.
And his wife? 
Explain how that's a bad thing
How groundbreaking is this stuff really? I have some money invested in CRSP.  Based on my tenuous understanding of the whole idea, I invested hoping it would change medicine drastically over the next 10 years...what's your perspective?
They have apps and codes that help you make the font bigger. Feel me.
... ok
Did you just assume that fly's gender? (Because I have no idea how to check.)
There are a few reasons it might not be as simple as you put it. First I should say I don't doubt at all that they are non functional. However when you're doing experiments like this you're usually dealing with master regulation genes. Because the DNA for every part of your body is stored in the cells in your legs, you need a way of telling your legs only to express leg genes when growing. That's essentially what master regulators are doing. So it's not outrageous that by swapping master regulators you'll end up with expression of genes that control optic neural development where the legs should be.Secondly nerve growth is complicated and not entirely genetically driven. There isn't instructions for where every nerve goes exactly, they grow across gradients of different growth factors and neurotransmitters. So again it's not entirely implausible that nerve growth is directed to these eyes, although I doubt they're fully connected. The entire point of doing these experiments it's to analyse the extent to which these master regulation genes direct growth of paticular features. 
I wouldn't be so sure. Tufts University had that study where they transplanted tadpole eyes onto their tails, and the eyes grew nerves to the spine and some eyes were functional.
Claim: You are wrong.Proof: 1. You challenge someone to prove you wrong. 2. You cited no sources for your information.3. You are on the internet. 4. You are anonymous. 5. Anonymous people on the internet who cite no sources are not creating knowledge. 6. By transitive property, you are not creating knowledge. 7. People who do not cite their sources and are not creating knowledge are wrong. 8. By transitive property you are wrong. QED
For sure, but I was wondering if the same genes that create the eyes also create an optic nerve. If so, my follow-up curiosity would be if somehow that optic nerve gets built to the proper location no matter where the eye is at. It seems to be that there is a different nerve responsible for the optic nerve. We should be figuring out how to make the eyes actually work. That'd be crazy. 
To kind of push that metaphor, it's more like placing a somewhat self building light *module* rather than just a light fixture, but you're not quite sure what that module does. It *could* include enough components to graft itself to nearby wiring and function somewhat, or even correctly. Or it might just be the light fixture.
Ba-dum-tiss
If we're talking about normal mating conditions and normal Mendelian inheritance, then you're absolutely correct that a trait has to convey a survival advantage in order to become fixed. However, super-Mendelian inheritance exists, and this could be done using a gene drive system. Hello, fellow fly pusher! I like to call us Drosophila melanogaNGsters because I've convinced myself it's clever.
Ah no i meant artificial insemination or even surrogacy if the females can't bear eggs. I get that in the wild these guys are fucked
Tough, but fair.
I think you misunderstood me, I'm not against experimenting on flies, it's just interesting to me how your argument can be applied to any living being. I actually think we should do potentially dangerous experiments on humans that are terminally ill and want to do something good for the humanity before they die.
To shreds, you say?
Y'know, when he said Trust me. I'm a Genetic Engineer. he might have been facetious... just a hunch.
You should ask first. 
Thank you! Very informative.
Now imagine leg eyes on humans.
I aknowledge I didn't provide any sources, however I am not writing a scientific paper or anything of the sort, therefore I didn't find it worth my time to research further.Instead constructed half from knowledge gained in my studies of human anatomy, development and half from speculative basic logic drawn from the notion that complex animals with organs are very similar in their genesis principles and functions.The OP didn't find sources himself, so why don't you go pester him instead.
Bill the butcher vs Monk McGinn
I see where you are going with a gene drive cassette but I still couldn't see the ectopic eyes becoming innervated.Question for you - do you 'flip', 'tip' or 'split' stocks?
You could potentially maintain a population of these flies if sterility wasn't an issue and you could get viable gametes. But again, the fact that it doesn't provide an advantage means they will almost certainly never get wired up to the central nervous system.
The Franklin D Roosevelt of our time
Actually, .....nvm.
Humans > Rest of animalsDeal with it.
was his apartment rent-controlled?
I think he was kinda kidding but i'm not for sure 
Mmmm i see alright thanks for letting me pick your brain
Speciesist! 
To shreds, you say?
Oops, sorry.
Good news everyone!
Lisa needs braces!
Thank you, all of you!
It must be fake, going by the 555 in the phone number.
Obviously a joke. 
Oven mittslolcan you imagine the fn smell when you take the roast out of the oven
Why is the world all of a sudden so obsessed with fucking beards and mustaches?!? I don't need a mustache sticker on my car when I can grow a real one on my face.
Can it be pubic hair? 
>PillowsOh hell no.
Serious inquiries only. Ha! 
Organic and all natural
Wool.
But they said please..
Makes for excellent brillo pads
I do t see why not...holds the warmth better
And double the possible harvest!
Ah yes, the good ol' lipsdick
OP, you better put those back before your mom notices they are missing..
Got one like it from my Pure Romance Bachelorette party. Actually used it on my wedding day for fun. 
I've actually used one. The dick head shape actually works pretty well for applying lipstick.
You know there isn't enough dick in your life when you are using these. 
Dog dick red.
Is my dick supposed to have stretch marks? 
Soon all the girls will be doing dick lips selfies. 
Red rocket red rocket
What's the difference between pink and purple?The grip. 
Goodbye duck face and hello....this.
Even lipsticks have foreskins
Good ol' dickstick
Dickstick
Hahaha!
You mean for practice 
Get off the internet dad.
Nah. That's when you stop putting your mouth on it
I'd say we have more sex per day now, than we used to. 
immediately thought of [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Duk1GheiOQ)
Looks like a scene from I AM LEGEND!
Ugh, fucking redeads. Press B, dude!  
Dahmer?
Those things are still fucking heavy! Easily half the weight of a real person; colour me impressed.
Reminds of me gtav online when hackers spawn ppl on your back lol
Weird. Why is he sitting on a mannequin? 
I've seen this video before. *It's weird.*
Pretty sure it's [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBqM2ytqHY4):
This is the true wtf
No, no, it's [THIS](https://youtu.be/OSICJJq86ic?t=3m39s) guy!
Did that jackass turn on his signal *after* the collision?
Footage like this reminds me that the safest way to drive is to assume every other road user is constantly trying to kill you.
This is what almost killed my ENTIRE FUCKING FAMILY the day after Christmas in 2013.  Some asshole doing an illegal u turn at night, through an authorized vehicle only pass, my parents and my brother were driving back from shopping as I was in Chicago working.  My father had all of his limbs broken, needed steel rods and plates all over, and eventually a shoulder replacement.  He is 70 now.  My mother had a broken nose and chipped vertebrae as she was in the back seat, and my brother had a dislocated hip with chipped vertebrae and chipped pelvic bone floating inside.  My brother has permanent nerve damage and they all have PTSD and can't drive like they used to.  All of them were on anxiety meds after, my mom had to wear a brace, and my father was in rehab for like 3 months. I hate people who are bad drivers like this.  There is no excuse.  You are a shit person if you don't follow the rules and take driving seriously.  You're in control of a 3,000 lb death machine cruising through space at high speeds, you ought to go to jail.  I'm lucky that no one died, but this fucked me up to as I was caretaker for some time.  A bunch of other very traumatic events happened to me around the same time, but this was the worse.  I am still recovering, and so is my family.
Looks like he zigged when he should have just not been a fucking idiot. 
[Proper use of U-Turn](https://i.imgur.com/Lyd1cHx.gif)
Toronto, Ontario - Canada[Street View](https://www.google.com/maps/@43.6807477,-79.5790806,3a,75y,353.23h,74.84t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sA-arjmK8MlJGQjX60N3Rbg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656)
Not to blame the car driver, but didn't he see the SUV swerving into his lane already.  I mean it was 100% SUV fault, but the car could have easily avoided this by simply slowing down a bit and being like WTF is that idiot doing
Behind-the-Wheel instructor here.. neither should be allowed to drive.  SUV was pure stupidity and recklessness, but the silver car was either driving distracted and speeding or exhibiting road rage.  Probably the latter, speeding up to make a point to the other driver rather than slowing down.Unfortunate accident, but both drivers were idiots.  
The worst part, the jackass who turned got harmed the least. 
At least the car the rolled eventually landed wheels down...
Saw a guy backing up an on ramp yesterday because traffic on the highway was stop and go during a blizzard. I guess he changed his mind and couldn't sit in traffic for 2 minutes to get to an exit ramp. Fucking insane. 
If you cause a wreck like this, you should be given an IQ test to get your license back. If you score below a certain point, no drive only ride.
[link to full video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mQaOyq7yDHU) and details in description 
Watching that again the the sedan should have been more alert. The suv was going into his lane way before they were even close to each other. Suv is still fuckin dumb.
It was super satisfying though to see the other car land properly...
Someone meandering into my lane...oh I know, I'm gonna speed up and drive on the shoulder to get around him! Not all problems can be solved by speeding up regardless of what Keanu showed us.
Perfect pit maneuverhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PIT_maneuver
I would be whipping so much ass
I wouldn't argue the stupidity of the SUV driver at all, but they were far enough into the left lane when the white car could have still put on some brakes. It looks like the white car was expecting the SUV to move back over...risky business.
They are both idiots. The guy is clearly doing something stupid and the silver car still tried to speed by rather than slow down.
Would anyone else walk out and pummel that guy to pulp?
I don't know...... I mean, the SUV is already 75% into the left lane and white car decide it is a good idea to speed up to pass the SUV? The way I see it, both of them are idiots
ok, so the guy in the left is by zero means responsible (other than maybe speeding a little), but he is the definition of why they preach defensive driving. He clearly sees the guy drifting into his lane because he too starts compensating to the left and assumes he can speed past him before he gets over. Sure, he doesn't asssume the moron is going to cut across two lanes and do a u-turn, but still, as is said by another commenter, you should assume everyone on the road is trying to kill you. If some idiot goes to cut you off, don't try and beat him, just let the idiot go. He could have prevented this by just tapping his breaks when he saw the other driver being stupid. 
Needs to lose his goddamn license permanently.
Silver car wasn't paying attention at all either, you can see the other car already in their lane as they continue to barrel forward. Both idiots. 
I wonder if the grey car was speeding? the speedometer in the bottom left is nearly 100km and the grey car is doing alot more.
My brother who's a driving instructor always tells me to assume 90% of the people on the road are retards who should never be allowed to operate a vehicle of any kind. Always assume they will do whatever they want without any regard for the lives of other people on the road. This assumption has gotten me out of some hairy situations.
This is Canada, so it is legal to make a U-turn. The correct way would have been to:* Signal a *right* turn. * Pull off the road onto the *right* shoulder.* Come to a complete stop.* Signal a *left* turn.* Wait for traffic to clear as though you were entering the highway from a driveway.* Turn onto the closest lane the direction desired. (The actual U-turn.)edit: Don't know why I'm being downvoted for this. [It's the law](http://www.mto.gov.on.ca/english/dandv/driver/handbook/section2.6.11.shtml) exactly where this .gifv happened.
I drive a lot and disregard for other drivers is mind blowing. The thing that I don't understand is back when I learnt to drive I was always told to consider others. My actions directly affect other road users. That type of mind set appears dead. Most commonly I see on the roads1. Veering violently across multiple lines of traffic to complete a turn. Sometimes the indicator is used but mostly not.2. Joining a queue to turn, unfortunately completely stopping the traffic behind you as you are trying to nudge your way in behind the first motorist at the lights.Those are the ones that make me angry. Are new drivers told their car can kill, making mistakes can result in deaths? Or have we all become so dis effected by car crashes we just expect people to get out and walk away?  
Excellent accidental PIT manuver.
Please tell me that jackass got his/her license taken away
That person should never be allowed to drive ever again.
Autonomous cars can't get here soon enough.  Once they do, those who demonstrate this degree of incompetence should be required to use one.  I hope the victim(s) were okay.
They're both lacking awareness-- the faster driver likely saw him preparing to lane change (albeit without blinker) and sped up to shoot the gap. This is where old, oblivious driving and over-aggressive wannabe street racers don't mix.
Thing is, this was avoidable.  The guy on the right was veering into the left lane for quite a while.  He's an asshole, but if the guy on the left had been more alert he could have slowed down and avoided him.
That's exactly how I t-bones a flat bed truck.  He tried to say it was my fault.  I took a picture of the damage to his drivers door and my skid marks.  Insurance gave him full liability. 
I scrolled a bit but haven't seen anyone mention the fact that they were both idiots. Idiot #1 was half way in the left lane and idiot #2 decided to try and pass instead of backing off and avoiding. Not to say he would have avoided the accident, but still. I kinda feel like they both deserved it.
In my head I could hear the narrator from those cop shows saying how this is the effectiveness of a proper pit maneuver. 
How retarded do you have to be to think that's a good idea?
Ford driver should lose their license for the rest of their life. 
The guy/gal making the U-Turn is a blithering idiot.I do have to point out that the car that they clip could have easily avoided this.  At the very start of the gif, you can see the truck creeping over the line and decelerating.  If the driver of the car was paying attention and thinking ahead, they would have at minimum slowed and prepared to change lanes to the right as needed.  The truck is creeping well over the line into the left lane while the car is still accelerating and tracking left.  IE - I think the car's driver was going to pass that truck on the median if he didn't U-Turn, instead of slowing down.U-Turn driver was a moron, but the car driver wasn't particularly bright/safe either.  Drivers who know better avoid shit like this.  Assume everyone is trying to kill you.
Is that the tips maneuver my son was telling me about?
People like this just don't need to drive
Seemed like the other car was possibly going way too fast.That said, you really never know what another driver is going to do. 
They are both idiots. Silver sedan tried to use the shoulder to pass. Impatience got him rolled. 
Silver car should have slowed down as soon as the SUV started acting fucky. Slowing down while not staying in their own lane is a bad sign all the time. Also they should have kept it straight and hit the brakes vs trying to swerve around. After the impact, too much brake compromised any ability for them to steer themselves out of that slide.I know it isn't their fault. None of it is the silver cars fault. Better awareness could have saved the car, possibly lives. Don't comment saying oh but blahblahblah insurance and court no, you don't get insurance payouts or get to sue them in court if you're dead.
Over the past 15ish years of me driving, I am surprised by how many times I've seen people make left-handed turns from a right lane. It just FEELS wrong, even when you know no one is in the lane.
Dude is in your lane, slow the fuck down.
I live in Utah, this is common. I've been told it's referred to here as the Mormon Swing
If I could walk after that I'd have beat that mother fucker within an inch of their fucking life. Jesus Christ the gross negligence 
This is one of the few posts on this sub that actually made me say what the fuck? out loud.
It's just the all too common, signal as you turn all in one motion move.
Yeah, because that maneuver is fully justifiable if you use a turn signal.  
Gotta look good for the cops that roll up on the scene.
Seriously fuck people who activate the indicator after they're already turning. Whenever I see it happening I think to myself Bitch, the fact that you're turning is a pretty clear indicator that you're turning; there's no need to indicate the turn with lights *now*.
No it was on before the turn, but it was RIGHT before he turned
The point you make is hilarious and douchey but in reality the SUV most likely has hazard lights that turn on in the event of a crash.
Her*
My dad always used to say YOU ARE DRIVING A KILLING MACHINE. AND SO IS EVERYONE ELSE.
I mean, the guy was most of the way into the left lane before he started the U-turn. The guy coming up in the left lane probably should have slowed down and given someone driving like that more room.
As someone who rides a motorcycle this is pretty much it all the time 
My SO always asks me how I'm able to predict wild and insane driver behavior while driving.My version of this is: I always assume the driver is going to do the stupidest, most dangerous thing possible given any situation. And I drive accordingly.I'm witness to or on the receiving end of at least 3 - 4 close calls in a daily commute. Self driving cars can't come soon enough.
I'm not really sure how much of that mentality will still save you in this situation.
I recently helped my SO learn to drive and the first piece of advice was exactly that.
Yeah, this is the kind of accident that should get someone permanently banned from driving.  It's stupid, reckless and has absolutely no relation to experience. There's literally no excuse nor forgiving in situations like this. I work at  the local transit department, the shit we see everyday is disgusting.  Driving licenses aren't a privilege nor a right, they're an authorization and a significant part of the population should never be allowed in the driver's seat.  But then, the government would have to actually spend money on public transportation and car manufacturers wouldn't be selling all those fancy new vehicles. On the contrary, these 2 thrive from bad drivers and car accidents.
Amen. Sorry about what happened but I'm amazed the amount of dumb things people do.Especially when they think they are going to miss their exit or something. Like is it really the end of the world to wait to get to the next exit and turn around properly?? The highway doesn't take you to a bottomless pit if you miss your exit...
22 years ago a lady decided she was going to get really drunk take a bunch of pills and hit the road with the intent to kill herself and whoever else she could. She hit my entire family head on on the interstate at about 75mph (driving north in the southbound lane) and caused a massive 5 car pileup (3 more cars smashed into the back of ours). Everybody in that accident needed to be hospitalized. My dad was in about the same shape as yours. Almost every bone in his body broke, his eyes couldn't open and his mouth was wired shut for two months. It took him years to be able to walk fully again and he still has a limp to this day. My brother got brain damage and he was never quite the same after that wreck. My mom and one aunt only broke their wrists and my other aunt got some massive bruises from the seat belt. I broke my femur, but because I was 6, the doc put me in a body cast up to my chest to ensure I wouldn't move and fuck up the healing process. For 6 fucking weeks I had that thing on and many months after that I was wheelchair bound. Because some fucking bitch had shit going wrong in her life she had to go out of her way to ruin someone else's. She was the only one who died in that accident and I have absolutely no sympathy for her. I'm fucking glad she's dead. Fuck anyone who drives like the person in op's video and fuck the person who almost killed your family as well. 
What about the dickhole of a driver, better be dead.
so what happened to the guy?
I always find it insane how careless people are when driving. For some reason people feel invulnerable when in a car, while the reality is that most people are never closer to death in an average day than in a car. One of the worst things is road rage, and how accepted it is everywhere. If you have that little sekf-control that you get mad about somebody driving slow you shouldn't be allowed to drive.
Things like this are we we need better road rules, education programs for young drivers. Basically any idiot can get a license. 
I hate people who text and drive. They all fucking know it's dangerous. They're just so selfish that they don't care. I see it almost everyday.Last week I was doing 80 mph on a freeway and a silver car started riding my ass really bad. She was so close that I couldn't see the front of her car at all. But I did get a good look at the driver, and she was fucking texting. [Immediately.](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/pixar/images/b/b2/ANGER_Render.png/revision/latest?cb=20141209183603) 80 mph. Driving too close! TEXTING! What kind of fucking moron..?!
But he needs to go THAT way!
He pizza'd when he should've french fried
Should've zagged :/
That last car took a while to contemplate about making that U-Turn.
Actually that's a three-point turn. 
I love how all of them are likeShit - ok - nope.
Was this likely futile or is there any info on if any or all of these people escaped the death surge?
I thought that looked familiar... I guess it's not illegal to do a U-turn there but *it is* illegal to pull a jackass move like this, holy shit.|Edit: Sorry guys, I wasn't paying attention to the solid yellow line, obviously I know that's illegal. Not that I would even think of attempting this.Okay now I'm not sure. I think doing a U-turn there *specifically* isn't illegal, but the manner in which it was conducted probably broke a couple of laws and earned him at least 4 or points.
Of course it is. Shout out to /r/TorontoDriving 
Yikes, that is 15 minutes from my office. I knew we had awful drivers in the GTA, but not this bad. 
Of course it's on the way to Brampton...  Where else...
Yeah and it looks like the car sped up to try and get in front of the SUV. Are people never taught about defensive driving?
This is kinda what I was thinking. The silver car was obviously going a lot faster and for sure should have slowed down when they saw the other dumbass drifting into the other lane. 
No. Considering how sharp and quickly the SUV was turning with the speed they were both going it doesn't look like anyone could have avoided that. I sure as hell couldn't have. You can't predict crazy and pulling that maneuver is as nutty as a jar of planters. 
I watch a TON of russian dash cam videos, and I literally say this for about half of them. What the hell were they looking at?  I mean, when a car turns in front of another, and that other doesn't even make an attempt to stop (often having room to do so), I am just dumbfounded.
Thing is at about 55-60 mph, you have about enough time for what the... while trying to process what's going on in front of you and then the SUV hits.
I bet they'd still crash into each other even if the car slammed on their brakes once they realized what the SUV retard was doing. Especially with how suddenly they swerved into the left lane. 
I was looking to see if anyone else mentioned this. While I am sure he assumed that the van was just drifting into his lane and not about to pull a u-turn, whenever other cars start doing stupid things, it is generally better to slow down and give them room than speed up and try to dart around them.
Glad I found a reasonable voice here.  He should have seen the other car merging in his lane.  Don't be stubborn people! 
This comment is way too far down. Stay safe on the road out there.
I don't think he was speeding. It appears he is because of how fast he overtakes the SUV, but you have to remember the SUV is slowing down to make the (most likely illegal) turn. Perhaps the small car should've anticipated everything due to the SUV's drift to the right, but even then you aren't supposed to drift in between lanes to begin with. There are things the car could've done to avoid this, but all of those decisions are in response to the clearly reckless decisions by the SUV driver. 
Yes! The suv was already partially in the lane... they both are idiots and that accident could have been easily prevented if just one of the drivers was competent. 
Reading through the comments, it's worrying how many people think only one party was to blame. This is why you drive defensively. People are not going to ever drive perfectly. Sometimes you gotta compensate for other people's shitty driving. 
I was looking for this comment...
Yup, the driver sped up and tried to overtake on the left. Both drivers are shit. One is oblivious to their surroundings, and the other is too angry to drive.
I noticed that too, the blue SUV was already halfway in the left lane as the silver car went to pass. I woulda slowed the fuck down if I was in that silver cars position, I don't trust anyone who's only in half of a lane.
He probably just kept going.
Yeah so it's easier for rescuers. Because there is no way that dude's doors work
I watched a ton of people do this in traffic in Atlanta. Not during a storm, just because traffic was at a stand still due to a broken down semi. 
Probably the same blizzard I had to deal.with yesterday. I was dropping something off at a hotel, stopped in front, called the guy and right as I was about to get out, a lady in front of me just outs her SUV in reverse and smashes into me. WTF people, pay attention to what's around you.
Not a generic IQ test, but one to test reactions and ability to mildly multi-task
State highway officer did this in my area. Wasn't using emergency lights or siren. Unfortunately in that situation, the car that the cop hit, went through the opening in the median, and was struck head on by an oncoming truck, and the driver was killed.Nothing happened to the officer that caused the accident.
If you cause a wreck like this you should be charged with criminal endangerment.
I think if you cause a wreck like this you should be dragged out of your vehicle and hit over the head with a crowbar, but that's just me
Scrolled way too far down to find this! Thanks>Highway 27 n/b collision rolloverThis happened at 14:17:22 EDT May 5, 2016 on Highway 27 n/b just north of the 401 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. A n/b car in the right lane performed an illegal u-turn, cutting off another car in the fast lane in the process. The cut off car's speed was in excess of 100km/h, and consequently lost control of his vehicle after clipping the cutter car's corner. He then zig zagged in front of me, rolled up the east embankment onto its roof, and then rolled back onto his wheels. **The rollover driver sustained minor injuries, and was in shock at the time I left the scene.** I administered minor first aid until the paramedics arrived.>A sidenote to this story: I was on hold the with 911 for at least 8 minutes. I hung up after the first EMT arrived. I was bounced around dispatches the whole time, as the operators had trouble deciding jurisdiction. >Recorded with the fantastic MIO 388 Dashcam. This technology should be mandatory in all cars, considering how inexpensive it is now.
I agree. There was plenty of warning that the SUV was about to be an idiot. He was over the line AND driving very slowly. The sedan should have been slowing down instead of racing by. 
I had to scroll way too far down to see this.
too common. people don't understand what 'defensive driving' is. i see people doing stupid shit all over the road and cars around them just assume everything will be fine for them if they just keep doing what they're doing.
[FALSE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-TQL8c_DHA&feature=youtu.be&t=33)164mph is the safest speed you can go
Eh, I've been taught the PIT maneuver for work-related reasons and a perfect one includes lining up your front wheels with the target vehicle's rear wheels, gently contacting their vehicle, and accelerating into their rear quarter panel...not crashing into it. 
I'd be wiping my own ass
justifiable beatdown should be a thing.
After you get out of traction
Probably not because in the real world you can't just do that.
Yeah for sure, I can't believe more people don't see this. The SUV might be the bigger idiot, but not by a whole lot.
Yeah I noticed that too, insurance wise they could have pinged him on that but 90% of the fault is still on the guy who decided to turn suddenly. You got mirrors mate, you need to use them before you do that.
Absolutely. They pass an 80kph sign. The grey car was doing 30-40kph over. In Ontario doing 1.5x the limit is considered stunt driving - IMO both drivers are partially at fault.
Should be said that this applies to single lane roads... such as residential or single lane highway or unmarked back roads. Plus there's more rules making them even harder to pull off a legal u turn(Such as you can't at intersections, on a hill or at solid lines)On a high way there's always break ways ever so many km to a proper turn around, u turns on a highway are fucking dangerous because of hills, and speed of vehicles. Tldr:If you u turn on a highway, you're an idiot.      
pit
The tips maneuver is when you're the last one at the table to pay and you count everyone's tips towards the bill so you pay only the tiny remainder, negating everyone's tips. It's considered to be a major dick move.
I spend a lot of time driving in my job - and the amount of people that do this is horrifying.In Britain we call a blinker an indicator, as it is to indicate your intentions; where you are intending to move on the road.But, like you say, so many people do it in one motion and never state their intentions in this way. Unpredictable driving, and very dangerous. They may as well not indicate at all.
Devil's advocate here, but that's likely because most assholes in the lane you want to move to SPEED UP when you indicate your intention to merge.  I live in Los Angeles though, which is notorious for asshole drivers.
Or the infamous, Imma leave my turn signal on for the next 5 miles.
You're joking but someone did this exact manoeuvre on me when I was riding a motorcycle. He almost killed me and his defence was but I turned my signal on.
I think people do it either as an automatic instinctive response after realizing they forgot, or they want to make sure their turn was technically legal. 
Look again. Using the turn signal turns off the appropriate taillight on this vehicle. He turns it on after the collision.
I really hope you used caps to indicate to us that he yelled it every time.
I'm sorry your dad yelled at you so much 
Seems more like he yelled it.
... AND YOU'RE OUTNUMBERED.
I get what youre saying, and I would have, but you really dont assume someone is going to make a U turn on the freeway
As he begins the turn, his velocity in the direction of traffic decreases extremely quickly. The follow car slowed at an appropriate pace, there was nothing he could have done short of comin to a full stop is response to what would look like a standard lane switch, which wouldn't be an appropriate response.Sometimes you just can't escape stupid people.
You would expect someone to speed up when entering the left lane, it's generally for passing. Slamming on their breaks and doing a u-ey is not what anyone would expect.. 
ok, well the dash cam reads 97 km/h or ~60 mph and the silver car is going some 5-10 mph faster than the speed of the vehicle recording. The time between the black SUV crossing the center lane to collision is roughly 2.5 seconds real time. Realistically the driver of the silver car had 1-1.5 seconds to notice the vehicle merging (without a blinker on) and react. That's not much time, especially at those speeds. This all could have happened between a blink or even glancing at his speed. In any case, I am not understanding why you are pressing the notion the driver of the silver car could be in any way culpable for this accident.
Yep, he just went to the left out of his lane to try and get past. Never do that. Slow down and figure out what the fuck they are doing.
I cant trust in other people driving to buy a motorcycle. Stay safe out there, Ill always give you guys room and check my mirrors twice
I'm so glad I only have to drive in to the office once a week. The beltway in the DC area is a god damn free for all, so I know what you mean about close calls.
It probably would have in this case because the offending car is clearly drifting into the left lane before he goes full retard.
i saw a really old, likely senile person do this same exact thing on a two lane highway.  it isn't always gross negligence, but that just further supports the idea that starting at like, age 65 or so the elderly need to retake drivers tests every year or whatever to make sure they're still able to drive safely. many aren't.
Youre forgetting the POS insurance companies scamming you. Insurance is bullshit. You arent at fault and did absolutely nothing wrong and some asshole ruined your car? Well heres an increased insurance rate. Insurance prices should be a set standard 
But I am the king of the road, no other cars are as important as me, if I want to do a fucking u-turn on the highway, it is my god given right to do so!Imagine what pants-on-head stupid decisions that guy makes on a daily basis! 
Those kinds of accidents should get the person banned from sunlight, not just driving
And that's why I can't wait for self driving cars. If one bugs out, an entire team of engineers will work 24/7 to fix it. I'm a programmer and know how much shit hits the fan when a bad bug comes up. But there's just no fixing human stupidity. 
I'm guessing people just panic and swerve without thinking. Which is about the stupidest thing to do on a freeway, but hey, instinct is a bitch and people that fall prey to their instincts end up getting fucked in the end. 
Happened just this week. Unsure about their exit so stopped, in the middle of the second to the right lane, on the freeway, in southern California where everyone drives at 80mph. But his blinker was on!
Im so sorry to hear about this. When I was 9 or 10, i moved to cincinnati and met a few kids my age across the street. 3 weeks later their mother was killed in the same way. Some lady took her car and drove the wrong way down the interstate. Killed herself and the mother. It's absolutely horrible what happened and I can only imagine how you felt then and still feel now.
Or at least still in prison. 
 Nope he fled and we had to wait a couple years for the trail, so everyone could heal and the medical bills could be tallied up.  He was driving a company truck and the company only had an insurance plan without so much collateral money.  
He fled and couldn't be found again.  Apparently u only need to have alcohol in your system or an intent to harm to get jail time
Not sure but I just asked- get back to u in a bit!
YES!  I've gotten so much more careful while driving since that accident.  I don't mind being the slow pokey driver in the right lane doing 5 miles over the speed limit.  I don't care if you're honking at me while I make sure it's SAFE for me to turn into a busy street!
Well that helps but no matter what bad drivers and people without common sense still make it through. 
Thats his *favorite* thing! What else was he to do?!? If not his favorite thing
He absolutely *had* to go that way, immediately! Honestly, if I'm even a fraction of a second too late to make a turn, I just say fuck it and go the wrong way. Being delayed a few minutes is worth possibly preventing you or someone else's injury or death.
Twenty serpentine.
Probably because the driver realized that his home, family, all beyond that wave coming are gone forever. 
Um, I don't remember seeing this in the driver's manual.
There were 2 proper u turns in it
Got 'em.
This gif comes up a lot, the general consensus is that there's no way they could have escaped. It makes me sad even typing this.
In most of the US it's illegal to make a U-turn anywhere but at a controlled intersection. I would assume it's similar in Canada.
The solid yellow line means that you can't make a u turn though.
You can't u-turn from the right lane in Ontario. I also wouldn't be surprised if it's illegal on a 400 series. I honestly don't know because it's almost impossible to do it, and I never would even if I could. 
You should see the things that happen on BC roads, especially Richmond.
Need to shave off 2 seconds on 5 minute trip.
Never touched the brakes.
But the right of way is *mine*
The silver car would be my mom. Well if they hit me then it's their fault.   SO?
Yeah the car accelerated and tried to go around the idiot by swerving into the u-turn space. The idiot was slow enough that one could have seen it coming and probably come to a complete stop if not at least slowed down to minimize the collision.
Grey car had four seconds to respond. They wanted to posture for territory rather than just simply hit their brakes and let the SUV be an asshole. Defensive driving people!
>one car going speed limit on highway>one dumbass going 15 about to do an illegal turnThe car was going faster thats why the crash happened!dumbass
Yeah, camera car was doing 97 in an 80 zone. If that camera is too be trusted. Meaning the car was doing at LEAST 110
The suv was halfway into the other lane before it started the sharp turn
>it doesn't look like anyone could have avoided that.....You can't predict crazyMaybe....but when a car in the right lane front of you is driving with both left tires in the left lane you can fairly safely predict that at ~~worst~~ best the person isn't paying attention. You slow down and hang out behind him until you decide that driver is back to paying attention and is safe to pass.
The grey car was going way too fast and should not have tried to overtake the SUV when it was beginning to lean into the left lane. That should have been a wide open signal to slow down and even merge right to avoid the SUV altogether. This situation was 100% preventable if the grey car had a little more sense. 
You should probably take a defensive driving course if you think that wasn't avoidable. I'm not saying this to be an ass, but it's something everybody should do. They are good quality and will make you a much safer driver.
They had the reactions to swerve left around them. Just looking at it, it seems the assumption was that the guy was trying to jump into his lane, not do a u-turn. They certainly could have slowed down. He didn't even try to brake.U-turner is still majorly at fault, and probably should never be allowed to drive, but it could have been avoided all together.
I don't know about that.  They're doing about 100 kph/60 mph which is a good clip, but not blindingly fast.  Silver car has a good 3 seconds following distance initially, and a good 2 seconds from when the SUV is in the lane to when the sharp turn happens.  I feel like that's pretty avoidable.  Breaks to match speed when the guy gets in your lane.  That would've put silver more or less parallel with the bus, which would've cleared the accident.  At the very least silver would've had more time and less speed when the u-turn came.
This is related to the reason why I'll never understand tailgating. It doesn't make me want to speed. It does the exact opposite. Normally when I drive, I only *suspect* that there are aggressive and reckless drivers in the vicinity. If you *confirm* to me that you are an aggressive and reckless driver, I will drive like a nun until you're out of my sight. 
If you zoom in you csn dee the SUV was in the middle of the lanes for a bit and the car was almost driving in the shoulder to make a point 
99% of the people I ride with get upset when people overtake them, or if people DARE merge in the lane in front of them, even if they do it correctly. Does it hurt their pride? I just can't fathom why they get so fucking stubborn on the road
The sign on the right of the road says 80, which I'm assuming is the speed limit. The truck that recorded this says it is going 96kmh when the silver car goes by quickly.  The silver cars brakes are not used once despite the idiot in the SUV having break lights on and obviously drifting to the left. This is absolute shit driving all around. 
The driver of the Cruze was absolutely speeding. Look at the speed of the truck shooting the video at the bottom of the frame (mid 90 km/h range). The Cruze is going even faster. Notice the 80 km/h speed limit sign. 
That happened to me a year ago. An old lady decided to suddenly take a U turn on a State highway (didn't have a barrier) at the bottom of a slight valley and she caused everyone to suddenly hit their brakes which of course resulted in an accident that involved myself and another car. This was because an 18 wheeler behind me didn't put his brakes on in time due to gravity + momentum plus his inability to see what was going on. I had moved to the shoulder of the road as part of a split second decision when I saw that everyone had stopped because I thought that was the safest thing to do, but nope the 18 wheeler collided into a car behind me, which then collided into me and dragged my car (with the parking brakes on) 30 feet forwards lol. I mean insurance took care of everything but to this day I still really hate that lady for taking that surprise U turn. She also kept on driving and they never found her btw. 
In the last few frames before leaving the shot, he appears to accelerate.
And so he's not hanging upside down. Assuming seat belt. 
Jesus fucking christ, I was driving through atlanta last friday and its a goddamn raceway.
And common fucking sense like Is it okay to make a U-turn from the right lane?
That's fucked up.
...how does the officer not face any repercussions? None? Really?
What will that do? There's nothing up there to hit anyways. It will be like hitting a rock.
So did they catch the guy???
I think he was being funny.
Thanks for the tip, I'll try it out this weekend.
A nurse might have to do that for you for a while.
Agreed. Regardless of the fact the u-turn was very dangerous, the silver car was severely speeding. I'd say 110+ km/hr in an 80 km/hr zone. Speeding that much faster than traffic makes you harder to see and makes collisions more likely.
Well yeah. It the States it's technically a turn signal. To signal to everyone else you are going to turn. It frustrates me how little it's used. 
I got in a collision last week because some idiot decided to turn on a yield without looking. They saw my car coming and just froze in the intersection. I had no way of avoiding it because of traffic so I slammed on my brakes and smashed Into to her. What pissed me off is if she committed to the turn and floored it no harm no foul, but no she just froze.She only had her permit and was driving without a licensed driver.
Your turn signal is designed to be an indication of your intent, not a celebration of your accomplishment!
It always amazes me to see how few people understand how these things are supposed to be used. It's like they think it's something they need to do at some point during a turn or lane change in order for their car to function properly. They don't seem to have any idea that they should be using it to indicate to other drivers what they intend to do. 
See, I'm in the States and that's exactly how I use it and how it's supposed to be used, except here it's officially called a turn *signal*. I was listening to a British comedian talk about driving in the States and how he put it was sadly accurate: It's like giving the enemy your plans. I think his name is Matt Kirshin, or something like that.Just the other day I was driving home from college. There was a Jeep in front of me going 5 under, and an empty space in the passing lane to my left. I put on my signal to change lanes and this dude with an old convertible speeds up **just to block me**. So I eventually get around the Jeep, and a little farther up the road, the same jeep starts tailgating me going 60mph. I hate people.**EDIT:** To clarify, I use my signal to signal other drivers of my intentions.
In San Antonio people think your blinker means, Please speed up and fill the space next to me so I can't get over.
Sadly, there are people that if they see you have your blinker on they will try to block you.
I've even heard this fucking stupid practice described as making it legal when doing a maneuver, typically a lane change, and the driver just taps the indicator for a flash or two in the middle of the move.
people think it's a casual, optional commentary on stuff you're already half done doing. I hate it.
Yep, from my rough observations as a driver, I'd say about 95% of indicators are done completely wrong and uselessly. I genuinely get excited when I see someone do a lane change using their indicator properly, because it happens so rarely.Then last night I saw the best one yet, driving behind a car on a single lane road, they put their left turn signal on for a few seconds and started to slow down. Keep in mind this is Australia, so we drive on the left lane, then they actually cut across the road and made a right turn onto another road, while having their left indicator on the entire time. I was dumbfounded lol 
It's not unique to LA. Happens in NYC too. Yet another reason I avoid driving anywhere near cities if possible.
I live in a rural area where most lanes are one lane and they're lightly traveled so there's no chance of being cut off and nowhere to merge. They brake, turn and then signal... after driving mostly in the oncoming lane for the last 3 miles.
Similar impatient and selfish ideology in Quebec City but towards traffic lights instead =( I suppose bad drivers are everywhere. I was walking outside towards my next bus stop and had to cross the street at a T intersection and the light turned yellow, as I was about to get on the road I fortunately looked over my shoulder and saw somebody speed the hell up and turn and pass inches (I know.. imperial system, even though I'm canadian) in front of me as the light turned pedestrian. Had I done like most students I usually see at traffic lights and started walking at the end of the yellow light, I would've gotten hit. 
Use this to your advantage; signal, wait for them to pass you, and then merge into the lane behind them. You didn't want that asshole riding your bumper anyway.
Also known as my grandma. It's just as painful in the car with her.
I have noticed a lot that people seem to think using the indicator gives them right of way as well. Signal and move immediately, without checking if its safe or if they have clearance.
I think it's more often the second one.
It's probably not a signal. Almost all modern cars automatically engage the hazard lights when the vehicle senses collision. That way if the driver is unconscious in the middle of a dark roadway they are less likely to get hit again. 
Confirmed: he was Scottish
On the other hand, he remembers what his dad said.
You shouldn't assume you ever really know what another driver is going to do, but you should give yourself plenty of room and time to react if they do something unpredictable. Passing a driver who can't, or isn't, maintaining their lane is a stupid decision.
If someone is swerving between lanes the safest thing to do is treat them as an active threat.  Defensive driving means that even though they are in the wrong you still stay out of their way because a crash could still kill you.
Yeah, but his point is that the driver should have been slowing the fuck down anyway. Someone changed lanes in front of him and started slowing down, and his solution seems to have been, FUCK YOU I'LL JUST GO AROUND ----- AH YOU TURNED INTO ME
No, but look at what the left lane driver was doing. He was maneuvering to drive into the shoulder to go around the guy (which is illegal) even before the U-turn starts to happen. I'm not saying the u-turn guy was right. But the left lane driver wasn't right either.He should have slowed down and given the driver more room.
He was going 10-15mph faster than the car he got hit by and didn't even touch the brakes when that car started to wander into his lane. There was plenty of time for a defensive, aware driver to avoid or lessen the crash. Passing, at full speed, a much slower vehicle that isn't maintaining their lane is stupid.
At the end of the day, if someone in front of you can slam on their brakes and cause you to hit them, you were following too close.
The entire basis of defensive driving is that you should never really expect another driver to behave and that you should be conscious of what other cars on the road are doing so that you can respond when they do something that you *don't* expect. Passing a vehicle within your own lane or on the median is moronic and, as far as I can tell, is exactly what the silver car planned on doing. Braking when he saw the car start merging into his lane would have at least given him more time and room to react.
I never said they were responsible, just that there are actions they could have taken to mitigate or avoid the accident.
The posted speed limit is 80kmh. The vehicle recording is already traveling 17kmh over the limit, and the silver car is going even faster. Excessive speed on the part of the silver car is a factor in this crash.
I'm not understanding why you think he's not possibly responsible at all. The SUV was swerving into his lane and he didn't hit the brakes at all. He had time to react by swerving around him but didn't even bother to slow down. If he had hit the brake for a split second at all, I can see where you're coming from. But it wasn't like the SUV suddenly switched lanes. You can see it drifting left for while before the collision, at least 3 seconds.
If you worried about other people, get a dirt bike and go trail riding
Makes me wonder what my grandpa did when he went on a... trip last year.   My grandma sent him to the store (that's about 4 blocks away). For some reason, he decided that she had asked him to go see a relative of his who lives hundreds of miles away and has been dead for decades. He went to their house, they weren't there (obviously), so he turned around and started driving again.   He has out in the middle of the desert in the middle of nowhere, walking along the side of the road after having stranded his car by driving off the road. He thought that he was close to home, while he was a couple hundred miles away. Blamed it on my brother, who (he claimed) drove him out there and crashed the car (although it wasn't crashed).   He loved driving, but we couldn't have that happen again. Got him to revoke his license, and we sold the car.  
>that just further supports the idea that starting at like, age 65 or so the elderly need to retake drivers tests every year or whatever to make sure they're still able to drive safely. many aren't.Too many spineless politicians afraid of it costing them elections, and too many conniving politicians not just willing, but *eager* to use it as ammo. Hell, I might almost be content if they just had to take a vision test; would've saved my first car and I might've wound up in different place.
You don't get charged for accidents that aren't filed on your policy (not at fault). I'm sorry you misunderstood insurance. And insurance cannot and will not ever be a set rate. Why should my low risk mom pay the same as my alcoholic niece who has wrecked 3 vehicles before the age of 25? Source: am insurance agent 
It's funny how most other countries in the world have mass transit that minimize the need for anyone to have to drive. I think a big part of the problem in America is that the poor infrastructure forces complete idiots to have to drive their own car, when they really should be passengers on trains, buses etc. I don't like this mindset you see in the US where people put all their hopes on self driving cars, instead of focusing on other viable solutions (smart urban planning coupled with public transportation infrastructure) which are readily available. The dream of self driving cars is making us complacent, and I believe it is only a superficial fix for a deeper problem, that being rampant urban sprawl and a lack of attention to the development of public transportation infrastructure.
Wwwwwtttttffffff
[for those who haven't seen it yet](https://youtu.be/CQSRPMFDTSs)
It only meets 99% of his criteria! 
This changed the way I drive.I had the weird feeling that people were doing things wrong before... but after Louis articulated it I'm now like you know what? no. fuck you. go your second favorite way.
Zag on 'em
How was your drive in today, Bob?A giant wave destroyed my home and swept my family away! Everything I own or love is gone!Well, shit, I stepped in gum in the parking lot this morning but you don't hear me complaining.
This makes me so sad..god
At least he got home quicker
Damn shitnami, sucked him right into the undershit.
I don't see why?Surely those cars are moving quicker than the water, and the water is only going to get slower. Only think stopping people is traffic
Next time, just say consensus. General consensus is considered redundant.I say this fully expecting t be downvoted, but I'm just trying to help out, not be a dick.
You can pretty much make a U-turn anywhere in Ontario, it isn't illegal unless it meets the criteria in the link below.http://www.mto.gov.on.ca/english/dandv/driver/handbook/section2.6.11.shtmlWhile that guys U-turn probably ~~wasn't~~ was illegal, I'm sure he got a slew of other charges.Edit: I should read my own links.  :)Either way, U-turns in Ontario are mostly legal anywhere.
I don't know about the rest of Canada but here in bc uturns are altogether illegal
Missouri is fun. It's the opposite. No U-turns at controlled intersections, but it may be done elsewhere if it doesn't impede traffic or create a dangerous situation. This usually leads to me taking a left in the middle of the night and immediately making a U-turn on that street and turning right to get back on the main road in the intended direction.
AZ you can U-turn pretty much anywhere there isn't a sign prohibiting it.
Not in Ontario:http://www.ontariohighwaytrafficact.com/improper-passing/solid-yellow-line-double-yellow-line-t1772.html
The U-turn itself isn't illegal.  He probably would have got a ticket for an improper lane change and reckless driving.
hmm.. wonder what Richmond and GTA have in common......
More like gotta shave 2 seconds off my travel time so I can wait at the light longer.
I know you're being sarcastic, but the fact that a lot of people seriously think this way is kind of sad.
So true! Defensive driving saves your life. I always expect my fellow drivers are going to make idiot decisions because I know I make idiot decisions once in a while.
It sounds awful but I honestly don't feel super bad for the silver car. From my point of few they seem to have responded aggressively which may have gotten them killed.
Exactly, the car was already having to move left to avoid the SUV.  I've seen this before, and even done it and thought how stupid I was later.I've learned to not drive assuming the person is just lazily swerving or not currently paying attention.  There's way too many bad drivers to risk your life to get next to them and honk or give them a dirty look.Much safer if you just slow down, let them do their thing, and get on with your life.I will admit, that no one could have seen the u-turn coming, so although it might not have been the same accident, I'm thinking the car would still basically t-bone the SUV, or hit the back.There was going to be an accident, I just find it odd the car didn't seem to care until it was too late.Again, not trying to pass blame to the car driver. SUV pulled a huge WTF there.
Especially given the guy in the silver car *speeds up*. 
My guess is you're getting downvoted because it seems like youre blaming the other car. However, I agree with you. The SUV was being a dick head, but the other guy probably could've avoided it. 
I agree with you, my first thought was brake brake why isn't he braking yet?!?!... 
Yeah at some point your oh this fuck is about to do something really fucking stupid detector needs to go off. I'm all for speeding a bit, but when someone is leaning into your lane like that, dumb shit is about to follow and it's time to slow down and avoid it.
Yeah, I agree. The SUV was definitely at fault, but you can try to avoid an accident even if you're not at fault. 
The car filming was doing 95km/h and the silver car was flying by. The speed limit you can see is 80km/h, so they were doing 20-25km/h over the limit.
Exactly!  If someone is behind me following too closely and flashing brights, I'm going to either maintain speed or very gradually slow down until you change lanes and go crash into someone else down the road.  No break checking, no flipping off - but I'm not speeding up for you.  Ever.
He speeds up and tries to swerve to the left around him, to make a point, and gets caught out by the fact that the SUV driver was also a terminal idiot.
How do you know it was an old lady if they never found her?
I like to think, or at least hope, that the people who do this shit and keep on driving  are beating themselves up inside and having daily nightmares about almost killing someone (or killing them if that's what happened..) or hiding in their basement with the curtains closed hoping the cops won't be knocking at the door any day now. At least something equally emotionally punishing since they got away from the law.  Maybe they get some kind of PTSD and can't drive anymore. They could very well have no conscience and just be content they got away.. but I don't want to think about that. Too many hit and runs and people escaping the law to think about them just happily going about their days 
Why were your parking brakes on?
This is why I turned an old phone into a dash cam. God damn that's fucking infuriating... She may have been so oblivious she didn't even know she caused an accident. I don't understand how old people can have children and grandchildren but couldn't care less about the lives of other drivers.
He's still in the car, so probably seat belt. And less pooling blood in the head is always good
I was in a car that rolled 3.5 times on the highway. It was actually super easy to get out while it was upside down
If you're in England, it's not that bad.
America.
We find ourselves asking this question with every action police officers make.
The guy that uploaded it said this in the comments:>Toronto's finest have the link. The driver stayed to his credit. Many witnesses helped out. Despite what the media says, most people are fantastic and are there to help.So it seems like the driver stayed at the scene.
I disagree.
Broken both arms have you?
Unfortunately mirror - signal -  manoeuvre goes out of the window after some people pass their test. 
Where I from we call blinking light because... Uhhh... It light that blink
Let's be honest with ourselves. A turn signal would not have prevented this accident. This accident would have been prevented if two people weren't idiots.The idiot making a U-Turn from the middle lane is pretty self explanatory.Had idiot #1 used his turn signal, it's not like the car would have slammed on his brakes to let him over. He attempted to pass him while the guy was already halfway in his lane. You think an idiot like that is going to be stopped by a blinking yellow light?
Also from the UK, and in many cars the hazard lights ARE the indicators, so I guess it's just a YO FUCKFACE, THIS IS HAPPENING, PAY ATTENTION.
> She only had her permit and was driving without a licensed driver.So, driving illegally... Guessing she isn't getting a license any time soon now.
>  so I slammed on my brakes and smashed I to herAlmost always the best choice. Swerving often makes things worse and some people do that instinctively, good thing you didn't with the traffic around.
Darwin Award in her future.
I try to use my indicators in advance so people know my intentions. I see a lot of people speeding up to block me as others have said.But because so many people only indicate as they turn, I also see people spot my indicators and panic brake assuming I'm already turning.I really can't win. 
There's a joke about this. Why did the blonde drive into the ditch? Because her blinker was stuck.
Like other people will mention, it is very common in the big city states for this to happen. While learning to drive most people will use their blinkers but as they encounter people speeding up to purposely block them from changing lanes they will learn not to use it.....
It's petty little bullshit like that that really makes me realize how much of so many people's egos is wrapped up in something as lame as who's driving in front of them. Just the fact that there's someone ahead of them is enough to make them feel so insignificant that they have to challenge you. So pathetic. 
I had a guy block me from passing for 20 or 30 miles on an empty two-lane highway.
As soon as I show blinker and my intentions, 90% of the drivers behind and to the side start speeding up and closing gap. I still squeeze the fuckers out.  With my new truck it has become easier. 
Hey! They do that about 180 miles south of you, where i hang my hat, too. 
I just moved to San Antonio last summer and dear god, the drivers down here are insane D: 
Was trying to pass a truck (legally) on a one lane one time and had plenty of room to get back into my lane. Fucking asshat that I was passing decided he wasn't having it and sped up to block me out, *with a car coming in the opposite lane*. It was the most unconscionable, dangerous, unnecessary douchebag move I've ever seen someone make on the road and it infuriated me. But know who's at fault if I get in a head-on collision with the car coming the other way? Me. So instead of trying to force myself in front of him I had to decide to *do the right thing* and get back in my lane behind the fuckwad I was trying to pass.Just because other people are jerks doesn't mean it's ever the right thing to do something illegal and dangerous. 
Yes there are.  I really need to focus on staying calm when someone does this to me... tamper the road rage...
I just start drifting over slowly, with my blinker on, if I see someone do that. It works 75% of the time, suddenly they give you space! Urban living makes you a bit more aggressive. 
>making it legalAlso known as The Senate. 
As a pedestrian, You should not walk when it doesn't say walk. Starting when the other light is yellow is just stupid, why would you do that? Sometimes people still go through when it's yellow, as you know. Also I'm Canadian too and everyone I know uses inches to reference distance, is that weird?
You've learned an important life lesson - always look for idiots and never assume people will follow rules.
Click clickClick clickClick clickClick clickClick click
That's the classic Bay Area maneuver.  People here seem to think that the turn signal activates some kind of a force field that immediately clears the lane they want to move into.  About twice a week on my commute, someone driving right next to me signals and attempts to move over at the same time.  It's gotten to where I drive with one hand poised over the horn, just in case.
YOU ARE DRRRIVNG A KEELING MASHEEN.AND SO IS EVERRRYONE AYLSE
Did you go cry yourself to sleep on your big pillah?
Agreed 100%And to the poster above who said the follow car slowed at an appropriate pace, there was nothing he could have done...Watch it again.  the silver car on the left never hits his brake even once. He sees the car coming into his lane because he moves over to to left to try to go around him. He shouldn't have tried to one up the van by pulling around him to the left. He should have maintained lane and maintanded distance. Probably would have still made contact but it would have been way less severe.
We get it. But this driver was a complete idiot to try and make a U-turn. Leave it at that.
Graveyard are filled with people who were in the right, and who had priority.
Yeah, guy on the left never should've tried to attempt a pass since you could tell the other car was coming over into his lane. Time to hit the brakes, buddy. 
As soon as the lead car started to cross the line was the time for the other car to brake and slow down.
the suv was 40% into the white cars lane and the white car refuse to yield. he's one of those guys that thought he could bully the other car into getting back into his lane, which is usually what happens. too bad the suv is a bad driver.
textbook case of senility if i ever saw one.
I never said everybody should pay the same rate, obviously drivers with records should pay more, but it shouldnt go up when you have to make a claim because some asshole hit your car. May not be where youre from but definitely in ontario which is one of the highest insurance rates in canada
It's far far easier to move people to self driving cars than it is to build out the required infrastructure in the US to greatly reduce the need for cars. Most of the land in the US has too low of a population density for it to be economically viable for a private company to build the required infrastructure. Meaning if you want to get Americans off of cars, you will need massive government funded projects that feature coordination between multiple states, cities, and counties. It's not going to happen in America. Connecting large cities, better connecting suburbs to large cities, and having better inter-city transportation is the best we can hope for. Meanwhile, self driving cars will save thousands upon thousands of lives due to preventing human error accidents. We're putting our hopes in self driving cars because it's the best solution to fixing the problem for America. Other countries may have other solutions due to their different geography, but America is simply too big. 
Do you know how huge and empty America is? I live in the most populous state and even here the vast majority of the land is complete bumfuck nowhere. Infrastructure could be A LOT better, definitely, but it is difficult in a very sparsely populated country. Works great in tiny European countries, but not here. There's also the problem that the cities are already built...can't just knock them down and make them more compact. You can add stuff, sure; they are currently expanding the metro system in LA and it will take a long time and a lot of money, and it will still be useless for a large portion of the general metropolitan area (like me). 
At least you still have your soup can on wheels Bob.
Oh my god, everyone on Facebook. 
It's too easy to imagine scenarios that make this really fucking awful... I can't stop doing it... fuck...
Damn Tsunami.. All the photos they showed of people sitting in/near the remains of their destroyed homes really got to me. Family and pets missing and you don't even have somewhere to go back to..[Like this one.](http://i.imgur.com/OYpSVcm.jpg)
As long as they had a clear path to a hill or something, which may have been unlikely.
Regardless of the outcomes for these dozen or so folk, nearly 16 thousand died and 2.5 thousand are still missing.
What the other guy said. A slight curve in the road = death.
general consensus is redundant, but General consensus is not.
Well he didn't do this part lol> To make a U-turn, signal for a right turn, check your mirror and over your shoulder and pull over to the right side of the road. Stop. Signal a left turn and when traffic is clear in both directions, move forward and turn quickly and sharply into the opposite lane. Check for traffic as you turn.
> that guys U-turn probably wasn't illegalFrom your link:> To make a U-turn, signal for a right turn, check your mirror and over your shoulder and pull over to the right side of the road. Stop. Signal a left turn and when traffic is clear in both directions, move forward and turn quickly and sharply into the opposite lane. Check for traffic as you turn.Driver in the gif didn't do any of those things. Doesn't that make it an illegal u-turn?
Most of the time, yes. Not all the time.http://www.drivesmartbc.ca/turns/u-turns
Winnipegger here - that's super weird! You can't ever u-turn, period?
GTA = Greater Toronto Area. Not the video game.
Racists? 
oh my that. Just that. Nearly never fails: hurry hurry get out of my way i don't want to miss this red light
Yeah, a little brake could have went a long way in this situation.
> Much safer if you just slow down, let them do their thing, and get on with your life.this should be taught in drivers ed, sadly it is not
Flying by is a bit of an overstatement, and in any case,  +/- 15 kph doesn't really change the dynamics of that situation.
I do the same, but never in the passing lane. Too many people don't realize that the left lane is passing only and they'll just cruise on it blocking faster traffic. 
I hear your point and I'm sure you feel great taking the moral highroad, but really it's not the best idea. If something is acting aggressive on the road, the best course of action is to just get out of their way. It feels like giving in to bullying but if you don't, you'll just make them more aggressive and they could become erratic and more dangerous. That's what they taught in my driving class, anyways. I always move over if a faster driver is coming up behind me, as long as I have space to do it. 
If you're in the left lane and driving slowly you're the asshole and flashing his high beams or honking is perfectly acceptable. How the fuck else is he supposed to get your attention? I get that slow drivers often feel entitled and like to punish people who are driving faster for speeding but they're assholes disrupting the flow of traffic. 
Idk how it is in your state, but in mine when you're in the passing lane and someone is on your ass with bright lights, it's the law that you're supposed to move into the right lane and let them pass through.
For sure the SUV driver was a complete idiot, but you don't neutralize an idiot by also being one. What's worse is that it looks like the SUV just drove away. 
He has eyes
People in the front of the line heard/saw the accident and they were kind enough to stick around and supply information to the State trooper who came to the scene. I got the information from the State Trooper when he asked for my account of what happened. At the time I had thought the car behind my was at fault because  I had not seen the 18 wheeler behind her, and I was dazed and confused + adrenaline rush. After settling me down he told me the whole story that other witnesses had seen, which is what I relayed in the above parent comment :) I got questioned a lot in the following weeks by the insurance companies lol so I know the story quite well at this point 
I had stopped on the shoulder of the road and I had about 2 seconds so I hit the parking brakes and made sure that my girlfriend was okay. As I turned my head that's when I saw the car being pushed towards me which would be when the back of my car got hit, and we got dragged along for the ride 
Especially if there's an open head wound. 
That, and if the other driver was alright after the rollover, were the two utmost priority things I wanted to know.  Glad to know the other driver had a sense of morality and didn't try to cut and run and flee the accident scene.
(   )
Which is why we need to make people re-take their driving test every few years to keep their license. Like maybe every time their license expires. 
When I took driver's education (in the US) we were taught to signal even before checking your mirror. Signal, mirror, over the shoulder, go...or SMOG. 
Should really signal before mirror. Otherwise you end up with signal and manoeuvre blending together.
In New Jersey you just flip someone off to let them know you're about to cut them off at the exit
I only yield for people who signal.
we call it a dinky. 
I personally only see 1 idiot here. I don't see what the car did to warrant being an idiot. Looked like he was swerving out of the way thinking guy was merging in to his lane. He couldn't swerve right because it looks like the car was already past his front bumper when he noticed the move. 
It looked to me more like he was trying to get out of the guy's way.  He could've thought the guy was just trying to get into the left lane in which case he might have been able to avoid him by swerving into the turn lane.  Seems like a strange setup for a road though. It doesn't look like this was in the US because the camera was recording speed in km/hr. At least where I live (Texas), highways like this have a grassy median or else there are designated spots where you can turn, this highway looks like it has just one long turning lane. 
And yet I'm the one who has to pay my $500 deductible for her fuck up.
that's why i'm constantly checking my surroundings so I can know if i have room to swerve or not
> Almost always the best choice.yup, I've seen a lot of dashcam crash videos and it sucks when one car swerves to avoid an idiot and then crashes into something else while the unscathed idiot drives off with no worries. So unfair!Great, now I'm annoyed. 
They will probably kill someone else.
Either way, can't wait till autonomous car replace human drivers entirely. So many lives will be saved.
Big city states? Like... the Vatican? Luxembourg?
No one passes me! **No one.**
Just shoot them. 
I just pullover and count to a 100 when this happens. If not I will build up a unhealthy amount of rage. I don't even mind them doing 5 under. I just want them to pick a consistent speed. I set my cruise control at a safe pace and distance and then they slow down and I have to brake. Then when I try to pass they speed up quickly.
This is part of the reason I drive fast cars.   Try to fuck with me.  Your piece of shit Chevy Blazer or whatever isn't gonna keep up.  
As a fellow South Texan, I agree. In fact, drivers do that pretty much up and down all of I-37 and I-35. 
Follow them wherever they're going. Your life and goals no longer matter, the correct response was to John Wick that motherfucker. 
I'd be hard pressed not to try a PIT maneuver on that fuckin guy.
Aka the Chancellor Palpatine
My favorite is when they go straight through and intersection from the right hand turn lane because they didn't realize it was a turn so you're now forced to let them merge over or get hit. 
Just replied to a comment higher up. I moved to the Bay from the east coast and I swear to god only like 2% of drivers here use turn signals. Had someone cut me off on 880 with what appeared to be a blinkerless, no-look lane change. I honked at them because I was going 75 and it could have gone pretty poorly. Fifty yards up the road the person changed lanes again with no blinker...
YEOO ARRR DRRRIVIN A KEELIN' MACHINE LADDIEEND SO IS EVERRRRYONE AYLSESO GET YER BONNET STRAPPED ON TIGHTAYND GET RRREADY FOR A WILDONEAYE
FUCK SAKE MON, YER DRIV'N A KULLUN MUCHINE YA WEE GOBSHITE.SO'S EVRY OTHER CUNT. KEN WHIT AH MEAN?
I'm not kiddin', that boy's head is like Sputnik!  Spherical but quite pointy at parts!
Here's the thing though, you don't make fucking U-turns on a highway. 
I don't think it's that easy.The average reaction time they use for accident studies is 1.5 seconds.From the time the SUV really starts to get into the lane and then cuts the wheel hard it's 1 second (using the time stamp in the bottom right).The driver does react, they are trying to alter their course and as they alter course the SUV does the sharp cut and the rest is history.We are sitting calmly watching it, which improves our ability to react. In the moment I think we'd be hard pressed to find many people who could have reacted appropriately to the unknown situation.
actually the white car had plenty of time to slow down but he refuse to. the suv was 40% into the lane already when the white car wanted to overtake him. how can he legally overtake without his own lane?
They're mostly filled with old people though. And zombies.
I don't think it counts as bullying when the SUV gave no indication of their intentions. How was the white car supposed to have any idea what the SUV was doing? I've had people just straddle the middle line because they're idiots and are texting or something. Sure, it's a good idea to slow down and try to figure out what's going on but it's not bullying if you don't let someone cut you off when they don't even use their blinker. I'd definitely honk at them as well, since their actions are putting everyone on the road in danger.
According to [this](https://www.fsco.gov.on.ca/en/auto/brochures/Pages/how-your-auto-insurance-rates-are-set.aspx), your rates can only be affected if you are found to be 25% or more at fault. That makes sense.In the US, and it sounds like it's true for Canada (or at least, Ontario) as well, your rates don't go up because of an accident where you are not at fault at all. Your insurance company will pay your costs, then turn around and claim the damages from the at-fault party's insurance (suing them, if necessary). There's no significant loss to them, so no valid reason to raise rates. Of course, a billion different things go into premium calculations, so it could *seem* like rates are being raised because of a not-at-fault accident when really it's because there was 4% more hail in your area over the last 6 months than before.
Well, I don't know where exatly and what that is but I guess it's a tsunami. Since tsunamis travel from the coast into the land and the inland usually being higher than coastal regions (netherlands may differ) I guess they escaped.And even if you know better, don't answer.
General Consensus, new username, called it.
Yeah, you're right, I should read my links more thoroughly.  I was so focused on the mostly legal anywhere part.
He's talking about high Asian populations. 
Funny, in my experience it's, Come the fuck on. Why are *two* assholes taking up *both* lanes to go the same speed, eight under the fucking limit? *You could be doing this in the same lane!*And let's get something else straight. You could meet them at the red light nine times out of ten with your smug grin; as long as they're driving safely and not breaking any laws when they do it, all they need to do is beat the light once to be justified for going a little faster than you.
I think the silver car was planning on just passing the SUV via the middle (neutral yellow) lane, which although it is incredibly stupid, would have worked if the SUV didn't try to completely do a U-turn and just stayed in the left lane. Or maybe they were texting and driving.
This is my biggest driving pet peeve. That, and people who use the middle lane meant for turning out of traffic to turn IN to traffic. Assholes. 
I mean he never said the left lane. I deal with this plenty of time driving in the middle lane on a 3 lane highway. I'm passing traffic in the right lane and the left lane will be nearly empty but a car will still tailgate me in the middle lane.
Hey you don't know that.
LOOK WITH YOUR SPECIAL EYES!
Why not every time they're at-fault in an accident instead?
I'd get behind that.  If you score 3 consecutive 90% or higher re-tests you can do it every other expiration until you break that streak with a score under 90%.
Some say this alarms people who see your signal, since you more often turn it on not knowing they are there, but it's really the best way to ensure you get two seconds of signal before every turn without requiring too much patience.
LA drivers use hand signals too. Middle fingers, gang signs, all sorts of fun stuff. 
In Ohio, if you flip someone off, you have insulted them in the worst possible way and they will follow you and may try to run you off the road.
Yeah, but doesn't NJ use 'jug handle' exits for left-hand turns across highways? That would have worked for this situation, no?
If I did that in California, I'd literally never be anywhere on time due to the ridiculous amount of fender benders I'd be in.
How do you know what my gf says
The guy was swerving into his lane as early as 2-3 seconds into the video. He had plenty of time to slow down or stop to figure out what idiot #1 was doing, but instead it looks like he decided to try and pass him because he didn't want the slow guy in front of him. 
Well the coordinates in the gif show that it is in Eastern Canada.
I'm no lawyer, but I bet you could sue her or maybe her parents in small claims court for the deductible. You could ask /r/legaladvice.
Wait, if it's her fault shouldn't HER insurance cover your damage? That's mostly what insurance is for, to cover damage to third parties. Hence why, at least where I live, the cheapest insurance is called insurance over third parties. 
So are you the one considered at fault?If not why are you going through your insurance?
Just so long as they keep manual cars and big tracks for those of us who actually enjoy driving to play on.
I agree. *But* the downside is that will drastically cut down the amount of organs available for transplant patients. The vast majority of donated organs come from car crash/incident victims. .I'm certainly pro automated vehicles, but I like to bring up this fact because few people consider it.
Athens and Sparta, actually.
Ok, yes, you're right, you win. See you at the finish line, or as I pass you on the shoulder while you're waiting for your ticket. Either way. :)
Would've been justified.
'Muricuh!
This is my #1 pet peeve. You nailed it on the head. People CANNOT drive at a consistent speed! I guess it's human nature. I'm so sick of being in one of the fast lanes on an empty freeway/highway and having to constantly slam my brakes and hit the accelerator due to the morons in front.
You da real MVP. Thanks for not contributing to the amount of idiocy on the road. 
/r/PrequelMemes  strikes again
Didn't realize. Those fuckers know.
cannae say av ever herd a scot utter laddie afore
IF you think I'm sexy AND you want my body all you've got to do is CALL
The reality of the situation is it comes down to whether you want to be right or not in an accident. Defensive driving is not conceding correctness to other drivers, it's making sure you don't get into an accident.
Obviously someone does. Hell, what if the SUV was just changing lanes? Silver car never touched their brakes, he would have been right up that guy's ass or he would have had to pass in the median. Just because someone else does something they're not supposed to doesn't mean you shouldn't be prepared to protect yourself when they do it. Having right-of-way doesn't make a car accident suck any less.
Absolutely. You're right. If you had to blame one vehicle. It is the u-turner. But The silver car could have reacted better to avoiding it. He didn't help the situation by trying to overtake the guy who he thought was just stealing his lane.
Yeah, and the one making it should be arrested for dangerous driving.  But notice which car flipped?  Don't be a car that flips, even if it is the other person's fault.
Little kids shouldn't chase balls into the road either, but they do.  Nobody is saying the U-turner wasn't being an idiot. Assigning blame won't bring you back to life if somebody does something stupid and gets you into a fatal incident.
Even so, the U-turn driver is halfway into your lane. No matter what he's trying to do, you don't try to make a quick pass on the left in that situation. He had plenty of time to react and slow down.
You just explained why there is a minimum following distance.
The driver of the silver car is also traveling way faster than the posted speed limit, reducing his or her own time to react.
I don't know, I disagree. I've been in similar real world situations. Obviously nothing as extreme as someone making a U-turn on the freeway, but definitely people suddenly coming in my lane. My reaction has NEVER been to just maintain speed and go around them, it's been to slow the fuck down because as much as I know it'd be their fault, I'd rather not be in a crash. The U-turn driver was retarded, but lets not pretend silver car is totally excusable. 
You can see him edging over on the left in anticipation but he never slowed. Kinda seemed like he thought something might be up. 
The car is drifting into the left lane from the time the gif starts. There are three seconds between the time it hits the lane line and impact. There's more than enough time for the white car to slow down. Both are driving like morons.
> I don't think it counts as bullying when the SUV gave no indication of their intentions.in the video, when you see the brake lights on the suv, he was already in the white car's lane. if you count at the bottom, there are almost 3 lines, that means they are 30 feet apart. the white car never used his brakes. would you brake if another car was braking and getting into your lane?
2011 Thoku earthquake and tsunami. IIRC All the drivers were able to escape safely.
_salutes_
[You're right to not assume](http://i806.photobucket.com/albums/yy343/dongdaemun/blind-driver000x0300x281.jpg)
Yeah, plenty of people can follow the rules for the test, and ignore them later. I don't think the problem is that people don't KNOW the rules, but that they don't care about them. 
Well, I'd hope they'd be tested enough to prevent the accident in the first place. I'd say maybe not as often as I originally stated (say, 8-12 years like someone else suggested) and then again if they were at fault for an accident although I do recognize that some are unavoidable. The last time I was at-fault for an accident I was driving very slowly in snow, but the back end of my car slid into someone else's when I made a right turn. Luckily she was very understanding because her husband had just done the same thing to someone else the day before.
Never thought about this but it makes a lot of sense. Maybe even as a way to get your insurance back down after an accident.
To alarm (signal) them is entirely the point though. Otherwise if you're just waiting for it to be clear, then why not just go?
I was taught SMOG and I follow SMOG, but I do agree with you.One time on a freeway I turned on my left signal to switch lanes, and a car on my left honked at me to tell me it was there and I couldn't switch lanes. I felt like an idiot even though I did everything right.
Guns.
Your first mistake is being in that miserable excuse for a state. 
I'm from Rochester, NY.  Drove in Oakland/San Francisco.  Thought to myself: never again.  Then I moved to Albany, NY for law school.  Pretty much the same thing here since it's so close to NYC.  No blinkers, drive whatever speed you feel is best for you, swerve just because you feel like it, etc.  Shit happens everywhere because generally, people from high-population areas are absolutely shitty drivers.
Yeah, his car was definitely leaning into that turn. This accident could have been prevented by both cars.
No, don't ask them.  I'm a law student, and generally, their advice is complete bullshit.  It's non-lawyers pretending they know what they're talking about.  Avoid that sub at all costs.  You can literally just call a lawyer for a free consultation.  Fuck armchair lawyers.  Tort claims don't work the way the general population thinks they do.
Naw, you sue for the whole amount of damage, and then repay insurance what they paid.
I thought about that but it would be a huge hassle especially with the time it would take to go through the whole process. If my deductible  was higher I would definitely sue her but $500 just isn't worth the effort. I'm just going to count it as a business loss and just move on.
I was not at fault at all and the girl I hit, surprise surprise, didn't have insurance. 
Cars didn't make horses extinct, just made them rare toys. Auto-cars won't make cars extinct, just make them rare toys.  
Or when you are in the middle lane, someone passes you, then they slow down in front of you when there is no exit in sight and no other traffic. People are weird/clueless/self-absorbed.
I found that sub a week ago. My life is so much better. 
Augh, Wiktionary has led me astray! 
or you are -- it's ye or yer, no exceptions.
On reddit people don't care about safety. They care about who was morally victorious and who should be shunned. Defensive driving is the key to all of this and I'm surprised it took this long to see it mentioned. The van shouldn't have tried to make a u turn. The car should expect the van to actively try to kill him and he should keep his distance and/or slow down instead of speed up. This is all avoided with defensive driving. 
I always tell people who use the I was right statements,You may be right, but you'll be dead right, and I was right will be the epitaph on your gravestone.
I want to be right with a massive settlement.
Or as it was told to me in my motorcycle safety class:The morgue is full of people who had the right of way
So many people don't understand this. Is why they are surprised when your rates go up when you are in an accident even if you aren't at fault. I can't wait until humans don't drive themselves anymore
Not to mention that driver probably got injured from that accident. Rolling your car at that speed on a hill? Not such a great thing.
Yes, unfortunately that doesn't usually apply to people in the lane next to you.
Fucking AMEN. I do my best to avoid anyone getting within 2-3 car lengths of mine because you just never know. Even if they're the best driver in the world, who's to say there won't be some kind of mechanical failure and then you've got parts blasting your windshield? Why the hell does anyone want to be that close to another vehicle when they're going 50+ mph? Complacency is a hell of a drug.
I will not check this
Had three friends in HS. It took me two tries to pass my drivers test to get my license. My other three friends aced it first time. I've had a few tickets and no accidents and I'm in my early 30's. They berated me for months because I flunked my test saying it was so easy. Here's how the other three fared:1 - Chris. He was probably the worst of the three, but is still remarkably alive. He's been over a dozen accidents, been sued several times and put at least four people in the hospital *that I know of*. The fucking stories I could tell about that kid. He was personally insulted if you got in the car with him and put on your seat belt. He also cheated on his SAT and got a 1580 - but that's another story for a different day.2 - Chip. He had a few fender benders nothing major. Then he was at the skatepark and him and a 15 year old kid got drunk during an after hours party at the park. He was driving home, passed out and drove off the side of the road, into a ditch, rolled his car and put both him and the kid in the ICU for two weeks. The kid had some permanent nerve damage in his legs. Went to court and they revoked his license for two years and that was it - he never drove again. 3 - John. Total fucking maniac. He lasted until he was 29. In HS he would drag anybody and everybody no matter where. To some degree he was an adrenaline junkie. Same thing with his motorcycle. He said he got clocked by a police helicopter going 103mph when in fact he said he was going way closer to 185mph. He was just straight up reckless. Running stop signs, blowing through stoplights in busy intersections, speeding down on ramps to see how fast he could get going. No signaling lane changes and speeding on the shoulder during rush hour. After a while, we all just flat out refused to drive with him it was so fucking dangerous. Turns out one night he was coming home from work and got into a road rage incident. He apparently met a guy just like him. They were racing across a bridge over the Mississippi river. As he was going to pass the other car, the guy swerved into his lane so he couldn't pass him. He swerved into oncoming traffic and hit a semi head on. Died instantly. The other guy got away. The had a description of the car, but no license plate. To this day, its unsolved. So yeah, as I've learned, just because you do well on the drivers test is no measurement of how safe you will be when you're driving.
That's true. People are idiots. If they are so selfish they should realize that following the rules saves their own lives and prevents them from paying hundreds of dollars on tickets. Breaking the rules doesn't get you anywhere any faster. 
I really don't think anybody knows that the inside lane is the passing lane.
Testing does not make one proficient.  Training does.  We lack proper driver training in the usa.  Nobody has to learn how to control a slide, how to threshold brake or any defensive driving techniques.  Then we winder why 30000 people a year die on the roads.  The reaction is to pack the cars with more electronics, safer airbags and better structures.  But nobody bothers to fix the root cause of many accidents, shitty driving.
I always wait until it is clear. I signal entirely in case I don't see someone who's there, or in case someone is planning to move into the same lane from the other side. I wonder if all the people complaining that people speed up to block their merge (which I have never experienced in forty years) are trying to push their way into spaces that are too small.
So many people signal right as they're moving over, that seeing once come on right next to you is alarming. The point of signalling is not to alarm but to allow time to react calmly. And you always use your signal because you could be wrong about it being clear. Blind spots, we're imperfect. At least the signal and wait gives someone you missed a chance to react.
Well then it worked! The car honked and you didn't merge into it. You did everything just fine, and one of the safety checks caught the fact that you hadn't seen the car.
You shouldn't of felt like an idiot.  You did the right thing and the driver on your left did too.  This is exactly what should be happening:  You signal to know your intentions and the driver who might be in your way should courteously leave room for you and, if they feel it is needed, honk a little to alert you to their location.The alternative is either that you swing over, unannounced, cutting them off an causing, or nearly causing an accident.  And/or that they then blare on their horn for about a minute while giving you the finger and either accelerating off or dangerously following road rate.  That is the reaction you are trying to avoid with a proper signal.
That too. There's a surprising amount of bullet holes in the side of cars around here. People don't even get them fixed. They just put stickers over them. 
Hello, fellow Michigander! 
Half of them have moved to Florida.  Where do you think the Florida Man reddit sub comes from.
I am from Albany, and I can tell you it gets worse the further downstate you go.
You are exactly what you hate u/morning-chub, you just posted a completely incorrect interpretation of the application of the 4th amendment against states in r/legaladvice. Oh overconfident law students who think they know everything are really something. 
ELI5 Tort
I think your insurance is supposed to sue their insurance, if there is a disagreement between them as to who is at fault. 
Actually small claims in relatively simple (at least in the US). No lawyers needed, all you have to pay is the filing fee and then show up to court to argue your part.That difficult time will be collecting if they don't want to pay. 
That's your prerogative, of course, but this sounds like a slam-dunk case for small claims court.  Fees are minimal and lawyers aren't needed.  Just telling her that you're going to file in small claims court should be enough for her to cough it up.
In Australia that would still be judged not your fault and no excess would be payable. The US is weird.
Which will be impossible rare toys to drive on any roads. Even if it is allowed the insurance will be prohibitively expensive. So we will need tracks or private roads to drive on. 
I agree. I personally don't put blame on the car on the left, but I don't believe he did what he should have to avoid it. I just think people think that this isn't a reasonable conclusion.
Yup. Every other day there's a driving related post with long chains of comments pointlessly arguing which driver was right and which was wrong. Truth is, even when you're doing everything right and making all the right decisions, some jackass can come in and kill you with a literal flick of the wrist. Do what you gotta do to survive and minimize damage. That's all there is to it. 
I would rather be dead and right than wrong and alive. I'd also rather be dead and wrong than wrong and alive though... I'm really not digging this whole living thing. 
Read [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/5t9hll/uturn_on_the_highway_from_the_right_lane/ddl9wb2/) and tell me you'd like to have your life ruined to a degree for money.You're also taking a gigantic gamble on not dying for the sake of collecting money because you were grievously injured. That seems like some crazy logic to me.edit: This is not even considering the realities of legal recourse, and how it's much more painful and complex than people imagine.
That's assuming the guy has insurance. If someone is retarded enough to make a u turn on a highway they are definitely retarded enough to drive without insurance.
Shame, they all survived and then turned the wreckage into an environmental wonderland. It's actually really cool, you should check it out.
> Chris, Chip and John. How white are you familia 
Actually I think my John's case was solved: He hit a semi head-on
Do tell the SAT Story, please.
> He also cheated on his SAT and got a 1580 - but that's another story for a different day.Today is a different day time zone. I want details.
It's common in Australia to fail your driver's test multiple times before passing. Most places are pretty lax in the States, so you end up with a bunch of kids passing on their first go and still making some stupid mistakes.
Well, speeding can get you there faster. However the risks definitely outweigh the reward. 
It can get you to death faster.
Because no one wants to admit the root cause is me.  
I rarely experience being blocked by people speeding up. I have experienced being blocked by people not seeing my indicator and not slowing down (e.g. they were going faster than the car in front and doesn't slow down until the gap has been closed). I have also experienced people making a half pass in the left lane and then just staying there blocking traffic. The absolute worst though is when you are on single lane roads and you overtake (or try to) and people speed up. Worst case I ever experienced was a few years back. An Italian tourist in Norway, in an Alfa Romeo. He was going utterly slow in every corner and bend; 60kph when it was perfectly fine to do 80, and so on. On every straight when I started to attempt an overtake he'd speed up. As he had about the same (or possibly even more power than me) I couldn't get by. I finally got by as the straight was long and started with going down a hill, but I was doing 140kph in an 80-zone when he stopped accelerating. By the time I got past I was doing 160. So glad there was no police there, because I bet they would have taken me, not him. 
Blind spots are hardly a thing in any passenger car, people just suck at adjusting their side mirrors. If you can see the car behind you in all three of your mirrors, it defeats the point of having three different mirrors. 
I'd be the guy that puts a bullet hole sticker over an actual bullet hole.
They're speed holes mate..
Michiganders unite :D
Ah, Florida.  God's waiting room.
That's why I never go anywhere but North or West of this city.  It's an okay place to live though.
A tort is when you sue someone for something in civil court to recover damages related to what they did.  The thing that caused damages doesn't have to be criminal.There are intentional torts (you purposely did whatever that caused the harm, not that you intended to cause the harm), and those are easy.  Intend to kick someone?  Then you're responsible for all the damages related to that as a battery.  Intend to touch someone lightly with your foot and cause damages without meaning to?  Still liable generally.  Lots and lots of exceptions based on jurisdiction and how everything went down.And then there's negligence and recklessness that are cause for civil action.  That gets super complicated.  The famous cases that law students learn all have different outcomes based on slip-and-fall related to produce aisles at the grocery store-- typically banana peels.  Same case, different outcome.  Also depends heavily on jurisdiction.ELI5 is impossible.  Even lawyers need to research every single case, and the tiniest argument could change the outcome completely.And /r/legaladvice always leans one way or another, normally with an extreme bias for the poster.  If they were lawyers, they would say: go talk to a lawyer.  Half the cases posted there would take a lot of research and fact-finding to determine what the outcome would be.  There's no right or wrong in most civil suits for the reasons I listed above.So TL;DR you can't ELI5 torts.
Our society uses money as a way to apologize when we do bad things that aren't criminal. Torts are a fancy and complex way of deciding whether someone is owed money, and if so, how much. Because life is complicated, figuring those out is very hard, and you need the help of people who specialize in it for a living, not just people who know a little bit about it. Source: paralegal for a personal injury attorney, and law student
What if their insurance is the same company, wouldn't that be just the company suing itself?
That's not how insurance works.  You sue the person and insurance is contractually obligated to provide a defense and pay the damages up to the coverage limit.  The reason people make insurance claims and such without lawsuits is its way easier and cheaper than going through the courts.  But if you don't like what insurance says, then you don't sign their papers and you file a lawsuit.
We use progressive, and they go after the other guys for your deductable for you if you're not at fault.
Ya know what's really fucked up? This girl I worked with got in a huge accident on the freeway, completely her fault news coverage and everything, went the next day and filed for bankruptcy and then moved back to Mexico with her parents.She didn't have insurance or a drivers license either.
Weird is a much nicer word than I would use...
I feel like this is a long way off. Someone can buy a car today for $500 and with a little knowledge and elbow grease have it be a reliable and safe daily driver for years. In this future of self driving cars, where having a manually driven car carries massive insurance premiums, how is a low income individual supposed to get an affordable car? These self driving cars are going to have a lot of self-diagnostics that ensure the car is operating within safe parameters, and if something is off, it won't self drive. As these cars and systems age they will be expensive to maintain. I think it's very reasonable to expect these self driving cars to have lots of proprietary technologies on them that will prevent end-user servicing further increasing the costs of maintenance. While I believe these vehicles are the future and they will have significant impacts on road safety and pollution, they could create a ugly barrier for low income persons. 
Logically insurance premiums should either stay the same or go down as the price you pay is pretty much proportional to the absolute probability of having an accident. Autonomous cars serve only to reduce that risk of having an accident for all road users (assuming they are safer than human drivers and present in large numbers). Conversely insurance premiums for autonomous cars will be dragged up by the remaining non-autonomous vehicles.
/r/2meirl4meirl
I know right. A dodge shadow that is still road worthy-ish.
Cheaper than a moooo-ving van.I'll see myself out
When I was in Tanzania, one of my roommates rode back from Dar es Salaam to Morogoro with a goat in the storage area of his bus. Like someone wanted to take the bus, but they had a goat, so they just put it with the bags. 
Eat Mor Chikin
yeah no you're right that's a cow
that's just what your mom says when she has to sit in the back seat.
Mobile slow cooker
These cows get to ride in car.... Before they are on my plate. Seems very humane 
Nothing good ever happened in the back of a dodge shadow.
This is humane transport (it's a car) . Though, I think it should be more cowardly.
Probably on a reservation in washington.
Yeah it's a cow not a humane
Can't be good for the upholstery either...
Road worthy-ish 
Nope. Think again. That's a car.  
Gotem
Mmm. Beef. 
Nope. Think again. This is Washington.
No, this is Patrick
More specifically, this is in Spokane, WA. 
It works.
Wife: I'll drive!OK, but please don't stop quickly!!
***ring ring***Hey Jimmy, is your refrigerator running?Yes...yes it is...jokes on you though, I already caught it
if it works it ain't stupid, well yeah, that *is* still pretty stupid. 
The great fridge robbery circa 1903
thats some red neck engineering right their 
Some people's perception of WTF is far too loose these days. This sub used to terrify me. 
Meh
That deer has wheels for feet!Now that's super cool. I wish I had wheels for feet.
Shouldn't the buck be in a suit? 
Very hip. 
You watch too many transformer movies
Seagull eats a weiner. Seagull barfs a weiner.
I bet she's popular with all the boy seagulls.
Well I'll be damned... I always wanted to know what the seagull actually puked up in [this gif](http://i.imgur.com/cPLV5Zf.gif) and now I know! Cheers!  :D
Ask your mom
Turns out that seagull is a swallow(er). 
So that is how hotdogs are made! Make sense to me! Thanks!
The real question is who decides to sit there videotaping seagulls throwing up?
r/unexpected 
Record a video of a seagull eating a weiner, play in reverse
Is it bad that this reminds me of someone?
Todd, man, you gotta learn to chew your food. 
Can we get a reversed gif? 
/r/distension
Yeah you deep throat that weiner you filthy whore
You should take a visit to your local hotdog factory! They have rows upon rows of these seagulls vomiting out hotdogs. Quite fascinating really.
I call this Ode to OP's mom
/r/deepthroat
See kids, always chew your food well. 
Utahs state bird lady's and gentlemen.
#YourMum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3injDnvAyRg
I like how he looks at it again like, Oh hey, more food.
Somebody reverse it!
/r/confusedboners
We'll tell you when you're older. 
if she wants to be a better slut, she gotta work on that gag reflex
Seagull eats weiner. Seagull realizes weiner is nutritionally barren. Seagull barfs weiner. Meanwhile, someplace else, human eats weiner. And another. And another.
That hotdog looked half cooked. 
Your mom can explain
Put a hot dog in a coffee cup. Doesn't fit. Needs to be cut up to fit.
Reminds me of an ex.  She was a real winner.
Ask theLAbeast!
eerily similar to my gf
My buddy can swallow whole hot dogs, he used to do it to make new guests at our house feel uncomfortable. It was awesome.
Where did you think hot dogs came from, OP?
[deleted]
He ate too much and had to loose some weight because he couldn't fly. I did that and this must have been the ninth sausage he swallowed.
Melissa? Is that you?
They eat fish of the same size, in the same fashion, that's how.
in elementary my friend and i witnessed a seagull eating a freshly sharpened pencil whole... picked it up and let it slide down its' throat and everything
Original video showed it steal a hot dog from two girls and it ate the damn thing whole, this was the result.
Ask my ex girlfriend.
Does it have a sister?
Mine? Mine? Mine? *blurghhh*... Not mine.
Guess there is no asking if it swallows... 
I was expecting it to vomit an organ or something.
Sigh...another video about how hotdogs are made.  
I've seen them eat whole mackerel in mid-air before. Gulls are the pornstars of the ocean.
Lots of animals lack the ability to chew food.  E.g., alligators, some arcosaurs, etcetera.  All they can do is swallow it whole, or rip of chunks and swallow those.
chokin
Seagull putting our best porn stars to shame.
http://i.imgur.com/KIVkEfi.gif
It's like throwing up a hotdog down a hallway 
Don't blame OP, he doesn't know better. In his family, weiners only go in and not out.
https://media.giphy.com/media/Lcn0yF1RcLANG/giphy.gif
Weiner goes in, weiner goes out. You can't explain that! 
> Seagull eats a weiner. Seagull barfs a weiner.  You can't explain that.
hm... I am not too sure about that. Can you break it down for me?
Another reason to hate them.....
Seaguys*
Unswallower
My thought even before I saw the result. How many hundreds of other radom things do they record that amount to nothing at all?
Definitely not OP's mom, she could handle that no prob.....
A real wiener.*
The physics involved in that case would be unreal, a floating hotdog being swallowed whole and sucked up like a piece of spaghetti.The hotdog is so large it just needed to tilt it's body forward some and put it's head down for it to come out.
I want see the original video now.EDIT: I can't spell, apparently.
Wieners go in AND out (   )
Right.
Birds can't chew their food, so they have to eat everything whole. He tried to eat something too big that his body could not digest fast enough, so he had to regurgitate it.
And Trump
Seamen*
They probably seen it eat the hot dog and guessed it would throw it up. 
I don't get it.
And now I'll forever think that the us navy will always be a bunch of gay seagulls
Oh, you are gonna get it...
They're on his contact lenses. 
They went thataway *points eyes to the left*
()
Its nerf or nothing.
And then, when he pulls them off, they suck his eyeballs right out of his sockets. 
This turns my stomach so much. Some creepy fucked up shit on here but anything with eyes fucking grosses me out 
That's my fetish
Or, you know. On his contact lenses. 
Do you want pinkeye?  That's how you get pinkeye.
Am I the only one who calls them darts?
I want to try this as well, but I think I won't.
You'll shoot your eye out
Eye don't think that's good.
Creepy as fuck!
Well, I hope is corneas are OK.
*Holding nerf bullets in his hands* hey guys?....i have an amazing idea..
You'll shoot your eye out kid!
Mad lad!
Ugh, the nerf of this guy.
Hey, [Keenser](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Keenser) eyes!
But have you seen this dancing baby everyone's talking about?
I had an English teacher in middle school who had a glass eye because when he was a kid, he got shot in the eye with one of those suction cup darts, and when he pulled it out, his eye came out with it.
Man? Op, really?
hopefully his eyes didn't pull out when he tried to remove them :/... actually fuck him, he's an idiot.. i hope they did
Not directly on his eyes then.
In this case, I'd rather have nothing on my eyeballs.
Contact lenses, m80
I sucked your mom's eyeballs right out of her sockets. GOT EM!!!
So, would it gross you out if I told you that I've had a tiny metal shard drilled from my eye?
[Then you'll love this] (https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=b39_1470238800)
I want to try this as well, but I think I won't.*some smart guy on the internet.
Imagine the feeling of the suction on your eyeballs... wild!!!
Try again honey, this man is a genius 
Nope. Removing them in that situation would be terrifying. .....yet intriguing. 
No. Just shut up. Just, no. 
How long have you been waiting to use that one liner?
I skipped to the end, was worth it :D also, if you don't like seeing people putting needles in their eyes or trying to rip them out, don't watch it. 
wtf happened in this?
Just how...
Good to know dem lines are stronk. I'm always paranoid they're gonna come down in a wind storm.
The title just kills me 
This reminds me of that scene from Cars when he goes speeding and gets caught hanging upside down by the sheriff guy
Not sure how it works in the states but in the UK I would love to be in that position and call the AA or RAC and say my car has broken down can you come and fix it.
Don't you mean hows it hanging?
Were they trying to change the clock in their radio? 
This happen last year in the same city. Its a pandemic. https://i.imgur.com/nunXD6b.jpg
Step 1: get a car
Swerved and hit a guide wire.
you know thats exactly what I said... wow those cables are stronger than I though, the poles too.
Or ask for a tow. 
That really was what I should have put.  I always miss the good pun.
Trying to read it upside down.
Step 2: Karma    
Reposts and keeps the original users name in. Bravo.
Save some time. Eat some pringles and regurgitate it into a bowl as if you were feeding birds.
/r/diwhy
r/shittyfoodporn
I'm just upset I know this has happened on our earth now. 
More of a why the f@#$, then what the...
so.... How was it?
Taking pettiness to a new level
That's fucking disgusting^
How is it on rice?
This doesn't seem so much bad. I want to try this.
I did not actually make this, or try it, but after merely reading this, my constipation is cured. Thank you. 
Yo holy crud didn't expect to come back to see this at fp lolAlso, I didn't make this. An imgurian by the name of solaaangelus posted this a while back.
[Can you not?](http://i.imgur.com/a73FFAF.png)
I do not understand you, but I do applaud you.
Well was it good?
Hey, I made the You don't just eat 'em logo! Weird to see it on Reddit...
Anyone know the measurements of the water, sugar and pectin? 
Relevant: http://imgur.com/a/9Xie2
They may have meant jam them in your mouth. Because you like them so much. What have you done, OP?!
Well, that looks disgusting
Aren't pringles just fried mashed potatoes?  I read that they need a special machine to make them.
I honestly admire people like this
This is like the cooking equivalent of noise music
I can only imagine OP's smile as he sit on his mobility scooter, clicking away at his camera for this post. 
I'm both intrigued and at the same time I wanna call you a god damned monster.
/r/im14andthisiswtf
We told OP he made shitty mashed potatoes out of Pringles.  
okay, i want la beast to eat a bunch of this shit.anyone know if he has a reddit account?calling /u/D3AD_Pixel
I saw this on Shittyfoodporn a while back. Some of that stuff is surprisingly delicious.
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, that you didn't stop to think if you should...
Now if only there was some sort of soap I could use when it's hot out and I'm not near a shower.  
There are things I don't imagine seeing when I wake up each day. This is certainly one.
You were too busy wondering whether or not you could you didn't stop to think whether or not you should.
/u/sola_angelus: explain yourself
I just want you to know, I think you're the Josef Mengele of canned potato product. I'm pretty sure I just witnessed a war crime.....
Now, someone make some with Doritos.
*We were too busy thinking whether we could and we forgot to ask whether we should.*
I hate this and I hate you.
I'm more excited to see what other ~~ridiculous~~ amazing jams the fine folks of Reddit will be inspired to make. 
This is was the most American thing I have seen all day. 
Something about the lighting in this person's house is very offputting. But then again they are the type of person to create pringles jam so you never know...
OP WHY IS YOUR APT SO DARK?OP WHY IS YOUR PALATE SO DANK!?
This is cool.It doesn't belong on this subreddit
r/shittyfoodporn is calling your name
Just the thought of that makes me sick.
That is absolutely disgusting well done
You make pringles jam by using the can like a little drum. When i was in grade 3 some kids made a pringles band banging on the tubes and we were easily amused so they became instant celebrities and we all went nuts one recess when they were supposed to play and we basically had a riot near the backstop on the baseball field. One of the pringles guys had to climb a fence. Good times.
This made me actually nauseous. 
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should..
That is some mad genius level of activity.Give the guy a research grant..
Normally, I have to go to /b/ to get recipes this good.
I just vomited in my mouth a bit.
There's something deeply disturbing about this...
My initial thoughts were that pringals had somehow gone so mouldy they'd turned to jam. That this was done on purpose somehow makes it more disturbing.
http://i.imgur.com/CkYDxDW.gifv
pringle jam? Okay....but BBQ flavored Pringles jam? You've gone to far OP! 
This week on... When Puns Go Too Far
This is what happens when your hands are too big to fit inside a Pringle can.
Should have hit it with some red or purple food coloring. 
what the fuck
barf
lol. once you go pop you just can't stop. best pringles slogan ever.
why tho
..wtf...+1
Damn this is gross
Just because we can, doesn't mean we should.
EWWWW
this is disgusting. /u/sola_angelus you're disgusting
i threw up a little
The last time this was posted, I promised to make a Doritos/Mt Dew Jam. I will still fulfill that promise.
Technically, because potatos are vegetables, Its a soup.
Perfect 5/7 with rice. 
Oh thank god you added your user name onto the plate
I hope this post lands you in jail. Good day, sir
This will go great with my 2am chili.
why is this happening
I feel like I've seen this before..
Next up: Pan seared McDonalds french fries with 'nilla wafers made out of chicken
WTF? That's amazing.
[Vomits Internally]
Did we stop and ask just because we can should we? 
Is anyone else worried that Lucretia will find this post and do this to Robby?
Maybe it's a play on words, saying you jam them into your mouth?
.. Buy some potatoes?
Wait, Hold on... let me get a little higher.
I watched it all!!
This is not good
This is what the internet is all about right here.
That's disgusting. Also Pringles is just a slurry of a bit of potato, riceand some other stuff.
I see someone made this... but the real question is did they taste it..  and if so, what happened after. 
I need to know if it tasted good or Pringles.
I fucking love pringles but come on man...
That's nasty. 
That's disgusting.  And I say that while eating boiled eggs with sardines.
I can does not equal I should.
That is fucking disgusting.Nice post.
Serious question: How did it taste?
[Dude.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f1MumAJTLo)
FTFY: How to give yourself diarrhea
[...thefuck is the matter with you?](https://media.giphy.com/media/OQBT3LG1SThWE/giphy.gif)
Clearly you were so so preoccupied with whether or not you could that you didn't stop to think if you should.Edit:  4th person to post this?  Really?  Come on!
That's a good idea though because human beings require a tonne of sodium and sugar to maintain a healthy lifestyle 
For the record, you jam Pringles in your mouth. Then you wonder how they all disappeared. That is how it is done.
It looks and sounds disgusting. But I bet it tastes good.
Gross
Eat it warm... Could be like a delicious gravy
Pringles pb&j either sounds amazing or revolting, I'm wavering. 
i just threw up .. in my mouth .. a bit ..
Peanut butter and Pringle sandwich just like meemaw used to make 
Please [sign](http://i.imgur.com/Zly1RnP.jpg) your name to claim this post.
Jesus H. Fuck
So many questions, and no desire to have any of them answered.
That must be so salty.

out of all the shit i've seen on the internet this post made me gag the worst
I thought it meant you were supposed to stick them in your face with extreme force. 
squeeze em through a slit and make pringles again
I'm having an inner dialogue with myself right now. Is this or the woman fisting her own bum hole the most fucked up I've seen today on Reddit. I really don't know. 
I'd try it 
How does it taste with rice?
My works web sense has an opinion on this hahahttps://i.imgur.com/fG3hslq.jpg
I feel like he doesn't know that Pringle a are mostly rice 
Still not as disgusting as the Doritos/Mt. Dew cereal
sodium 100000 mg per serving
The fuck is wrong with you.
We've gone too far
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/648/220/67b.jpg
Not all heroes wear capes 
Hold the fucking phone.... So you can just jam anything?! Just asking for a bacon... I mean friend.... sigh... I mean bacon.
horrible
BBQ flavor at that. Absolute madman.
i'm sickened but curious. 
You should make this in to one of those recipe videos people always post on Facebook. But instead of some amazingly delicious and yummy looking snack to impress your friends it's a bowl of Pringles jam. 
[You never stopped to think...](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9nazm3_OXac) 
I shouldnt. I will So funny. And weed makes people do crazy things
This for some reason might literally been the worst thing i've seen and i've done some questionable things but seeing this, I don't know
I skim read this as how to turn people into jam. I'm slightly relieved and disappointed at the same time.
Dude, I'm gonna hurl....
How it is that the EMT ama was fine, but this makes me physically ill?
This is the most disgustingly interesting thing I've ever seen 
I guess you kinda made Pringles flavored chutney of some sort... Which sounds great actually
I think the fun just stopped...
I know how to turn Pringles in to something else...
I would like to try that.
Has science gone to far?
Quality post. Thank you.
So... I wonder how it tastes... 
Technically this isn't a jam. Its an abomination. 
I almost gagged when I saw the first pic. I still having trouble imagining it without wanting to literally vomit.Were I with other people, right now, I would refrain from doing the fake gag noise because I am actually way too close to finding out what my half digested dinner tastes like.
A+ for effort, and a B for taste-BLLLLLUUUUUAAAARRRRRR (sound I make when I vomit)
This is the worst episode of Food Wishes ever.
/r/DiWhy
holy fuck mixed pringles go straight gravy mode. so much fat
Now this is the wtf i came to see.
Very clever, but also *BARF*
Good on him for trying but...no, just no.
Well that's repulsive.
This is truly vile
*horf*
just because you *can* do a thing doesn't mean you *should*
He was to caught up wondering if he could do it, that he never even thought about if he should do it.
/r/shittyfoodporn
Thank christ this is on /r/WTF and not /r/lifehacks or /r/interestingasfuck  
You monster
Please, never reproduce...
/r/foodporn 
No
In this case, I say not WHAT the fuck, but WHY the fuck.
Grosssss
Anyone else dry heave at this?
Great username. I love that song
Pringles, no matter what form they're in will always be disgusting.
I hate pringles.
Dumb
Welp, this low-effort post has definitely made me say What the fuck is this on the frontpage of /r/WTF for? Anyways, adding /r/WTF to the banlist. Wp chaps!
That's the proper way to repost something. Rather than say something  like mah boi Greg made Pringles jam and having someone Or multiple someone's tell you to quit your bullshit . 
[Actually, I made this](http://imgur.com/a/j77Mx)
Reddiquette explicitly encourages cross-posting. Reddit is a content sharing platform and this content has been successfully shared.
https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyfoodporn/comments/4za888/i_made_jam_out_of_pringles/Link to the original post from the real OP... for the lazy.
OP isn't trying to claim that they made this, they are making fun of it. That is why its posted in /wtf, not /recipes or /diy or anything suggesting that you actually make it.
He never intended it was him who made it, AND they even left in the picture with the true creators name! Thats actually really impressive for reddit, most people would have claimed it their own and never looked back
Birds? Pffft. That's how I feed my children.
[Hungry, fella?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8wAXNLmL1Q)
Welcome to jackass, this is the baby bird trick 
Double the taste!
This is how Birdperson shares his Pringles.
Uh. I usually just toss the birds some bread. 
Don't forget to drink some pectin infused water before regurgitating.
We call that baby birding.
Hahaha, cant beleive it. 
The most disgusting thing I've ever seen on reddit was all those people who admitted they do this with cheez-its and then shape them into things to eat again.
This would be WTF worthy. Kind of expected that, in all honesty.
My girl left and stuck me with the bill at Applebee's. I'm broke. Couldn't pay shit. I asked the waitress where the returns department was. She said they didn't have one. I took my empty plate and puked everything back onto it. You do now I said. Okay, she said,but you still owe the other half. Fuck.
This. And it's like you get to eat twice with half the calories.
A) My first thought was why the fuck not what the fuckB) Thanks for calling out that very interesting sub!
To spite the slogan..
That's where it was [originally posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyfoodporn/comments/4za888/i_made_jam_out_of_pringles/).
Every day we stray further from God's light.
It's an abomination. It's something that shouldn't be, but exists.It's the food version of Cthulhu. 
It's Barry's fault! Fucking up the time line again! 
I mean, it'd be cool to try? Make like a gag line of jam; pringles, hot cheetos, mountain dew
Fuck this gay earth
It's okay, you can say fuck on the internet. 
Well he did explain why the Fuck at the beginning. Can't you read? 
I already put chips on sandwiches for crunch...can't be THAT bad.
Normally it's a 9/10...but with rice, well....
/r/maliciouscompliance
Same. I am slightly disgusted, but still want to try.
I wonder how well this would have worked with olestra Pringles.
sola_angelus * <3
Source?
Hi! This is a repost/x-post, I made the original, [here's the full recipe, pretty much.](https://www.reddit.com/r/shittyfoodporn/comments/4za888/i_made_jam_out_of_pringles/d6u8f6l/)
You mean this whole thing was just a misunderstanding? Damn. 
I thought you could turn the canisters into speakers. You can literally jam to a can of Pringles.
Oh... I was supposed to jam them *in my mouth*?
They are not fried mashed potatoes.   They are made of a slurry of rice, wheat, corn, and potato flakes.  (the slurry ends up looking like the jam in these pics)OP is helping complete their circle of life.
shit-eating grin might be a little more accurate.
As of right now, it's not clear. But, if you do have suggestions, Twitter is probably your best bet at contact.
They definitely thought about if they shouldn't. It's right there in the album! 
I'm a capricorn, I like long walks on the beach and candle lit dinners.
that's madness.....
Agreed, more like /r/learnuselesstalents
Been there, done that!
Bo Burnham can rest in peace now.
Love you too <3
Just like nana used to make!
but you were so preoccupied with whether or not you could that you didn't stop to think if you should. 
Low effort? The dude made jam out of potato chips
f00kin Greg, the absolute MADMAN he is, what a Legend 
Ma boy greg!
[Actually, I made this](http://imgur.com/a/1x361)
No, [I did](http://imgur.com/a/XHbEa).
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/079/173/ed2.png
Actually, the crowbar snaps in two.
And this poster never claimed to make it himself, so I'm fine with this. 
Reddit needs a way to signify something has been cross posted. That way people could discover new subs, the original creator would get credit, etc. Couldn't be that difficult to implement, could it?
reposting is not cross-posting
And a nod towards /u/sola_angelus in case they'd like to comment.
Mom, is that you?
There are moms who actually do that with their toddlers instead of using a mixer to mash the food, so they bind with their children. I'm not defending it but it's actually promoting the children's health if the mother is healthy. I wouldn't do it.
Look at Mr Moneybags here able to feed his kids. Lah-de-fooking-dah!
On the internet, nobody knows that you're a bird.
Are you a bird?
are your children birds? 
Alicia Silverstone?
Ah. My bad. I assumed it was a new post. 
Do you think God stays in heaven because he fears what he has created? 
What about cheesecake made from wal-mart's in-house brand of mac and cheese?
If you're planning a welcome-back party for Cthulhu, this is just perfect.
His mom doesn't let him.
Watch your profamity.
Well why the fatnumberdollar would you want to do that?
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ^^^^^shit
If you're ever out of pickles you can just use dill flavoured chips as substitute!
Oh, that's too good. Very accurate.
That brings back memories of zug.com
Can you explain to the best of your ability what drove you to actually do this? And what the hell does it taste like? And why did you eat all of it?
sorry, was referring to the imgur username ;)
lol
You misspelled your own name.
Haven't updated my book in a few years, but hopefully this answers your question: http://stevenacr.es/#design/pringles
hey dude, hope you don't mind that i posted this; wtf was just the first thing that popped into my mind when i saw this lmao ^ . ^
Thanks, I'm going to give this a shot. With a different flavor though. 
Did it taste any good? Was it worth it?
you're the man.have a nice day!
Classic capricorn
Yea 
sorry, I guess I'm just not 14 anymore. but a set of pictures of a dude making jam from a potato is anything but WTF.
Couldn't have done it without OP documenting everything yo.
TheGreg27
You rang?
Omg my sides
But you did
So, just to be sure, it's alright?Not totally disgusting?
[Actually, I made this](http://i.imgur.com/Th4B7lA.jpg)
You da real mvp
[No, I made it.](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/R390EId)
It pleases me that you flipped letters around. 
Ncieyl deno
https://i.imgur.com/s3PV6jA.jpg
I already have my pitchfork out, all I need is a target
There is. It's the Other Discussions tab at the top of the page. Easy to miss if you don't know it's there.
There is a thing under x-posted content but it only appears sometimes.
Hi and thanks! Personally don't mind the x-post all that much, it's certainly /r/WTF material. My friends are hating that yet another Pringles Jam^TM post is making it big.
Was it good?
I'm surprised you can't tell by the smell of whiskey and stale smokes
Why does your mom regurgitate your food for you? Did you break both of yo- nevermind.
... I'm going to pretend you didn't say that
I think they are better off binding with a good therapist. If not for them, certainly for when the kid gets older. 
In bird culture, this is considered a healthy, acceptable, and loving move. 
alicia silverstonehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mz1E7vv_ISw
Alicia Silverstone got a lot of attention for this a bit back.
Do you mean like just chew it up, or actually swallow and then puke it?
r/frugal_jerk
Yea, but username didn't check out.
Never do that.
You must be new here. 
Wtf is wrong with you?! 
Welcome..... Back...?! Did I miss him the first time?
[http://i.imgur.com/87O0gIu.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/87O0gIu.jpg)
Mom! Stop embarrassing me in front of my internet friends
thanks for the new username
Freaking genius
Full story: I went to the store one day and got some Pringles, I get home, and read the top of the can, and I was confounded by the slogan. You don't just eat em, you JAM em. I thought it was pretty dumb, and told my friends I would actually turn Pringles into jam as a joke. They grew disgusted and upset at the thought, and it was hilarious. Couple months later, I actually got around to doing it. It tastes like Pringles, if you'd believe it, and I was obligated to, of course.
Ahhhh, I only use imgur for the image hosting, so I was confused.
Fixed, thanks.I do that all the time.
Haha, ohhh that's beautiful. If that's you, then nice to meet you, and thanks! You are the inspiration that led to me actually making that stuff. 
No worries! My friends were cringing the first time I posted it, they'll do it even more to see that it got another boost! <3
Aw. OP is a nice guy! 
Use Doritos, and put it in a burrito.
More power to you! I've still got another pringles idea, floating around, but I don't really have a good kitchen set up atm. Best of luck!
Happy to help!
Regardless it's far from low effort
In all seriousness, It was... wierd. Personally, I feel it could be done in a different way to be more savory or sweet, and BBQ was in that strange spot in between. Now, the slogan that was under scrutiny was only on BBQ flavor, so it kinda had to be done with it. It also made the house smell similarly strange for a good 5 hours afterward. Not 10/10 disgust, more like, 8/10 disgust.
This is why your parents got a divorce 
THIS IS WHY MUM DOESN'T FUCKING LOVE YOU
FUCK!!!
Your shit is the best thing you have ever or will ever produce. 
My name is Robert Paulson
FUCKING
sYe
/r/DrosteEffect (I made this subreddit)
Well, /u/gallowboob hasn't had a spanking in a while
Holy balony. I've been on Reddit for years now and I had no idea this existed. I am genuinely shocked and embarrassed. Thanks you, kind stranger.
Would you prefer Pringles Jam^TM on Toast or bagels?    Also what's your stance on the war on jam?
You're a monster for letting this happen.
Where's the dorito and mountain dew jam?
How did it taste??
If you make a Mountain Dew and Doritos jam I'm sure you'll sell millions to memesters. 
Was what good?
Moogie!
I just like the taste of stale cigars and paint stripper is all......
You learn so much shit in the four years of dietetic school. Some shit is literal too.
You are right. You have no idea what I've heard from moms and their kids. They make me not want to become a mother even more. Some choose to breastfeed them until the age of five to ensure a strong bond... I swear, there must be a switch in women's minds, which flicks when they become mothers. They go bananas.
It's also biologically helpful as it provides the children (of any species) with probiotics the mother has and causes the secretion of oxytocin, leading to actual bonding between mother and child but to modern day standards, it's quite disgusting.P.S. My mother has two wonderful parrots and she feeds them mouth to beak from time to time so they feel safe.
No, chew it for them, before they have teeth. Jesus, the puking one would definitely be unhealthy!
Eating vomit would be a terrible idea, because it would demineralize your teeth.
The lesson hath been learnt 
5 days off a year. 
I'm not gonna google it and haven't taken spanish in 15 years. Does it say He wants to be hardcore and his mother won't let him?
ayy lmao
I love how everyone's reaction to this isn't becoming upset rather than disgusted. It really is an upsetting thing to see though. You made baby food out of Pringles essentially. I commend you though for not letting the lid slogan just be a slogan. 
So now that we know your thoughts about Pringle jam, what are your thoughts on reposters?
I do believe they meant that you jam them into your mouth or something along the lines of that
Haha it is me. I'm glad I could inspire you to such greatness. Godspeed :)
How did it taste?
You people make me sick. 
Thanks for clearing up why you used BBQ. I personally would have gone with Pizza...
[deleted]
That *and* how he touches the dog.
You're never safe
But he *always* has a hankerin' for a spankerin'...
&#175;\\\_(&#12484;)_/&#175;
Yep. I once had a sage, wise redditor reveal this to me a few years ago.  Pay it forward, /u/hohohoohno. Pay it forward.
It's quite useful when trying to find new subs.
Pringles Jam^TM is in a constant struggle. There's always prejudice in my group chat against it. I say, they just don't appreciate art. As for the first question, i'd say it's probably much better on a bagel, with a thin layer of cream cheese, as well.
Still don't really have a good cooking area to do it, but I've got another idea I may try doing as well.
Moogie, take those clothes off this instant! Ugh, *disgusting!*Also, relevant username
Yeah. There is some bizarre ideas. A lot of it sounds like anthropological accounts of practices from lost Amazonian tribes, rather than advice from modern day parents.
Pretty much, yeahhttps://www.scientificamerican.com/article/pregnancy-causes-lasting-changes-in-a-womans-brain/
You don't have to be one of those wierdos. I was afraid of becoming a Dad because I thought I'd end up with a terrible kid, but our son is about to turn 18 and he's about as great as a kid can be. Smart, funny, extremely talented, college scholarships are rolling in. Never a problem with drugs, alcohol, cigarettes - he doesn't even curse. Every now and then he pushes back some and my wife gets mad, and I just tell her it's all right. On balance, he's a great kid. Waaaay better than I ever was at his age. I was a nightmare. He made ME a better person.I'm going to miss him when he goes to college. He's my best friend.
Pretty much.
Arriba. 
I don't believe /u/Jarvis9999 had any ill intent, nor did he claim he made it himself. I posted it like, 5 months ago in a different subreddit, so I'm glad to see it getting a little more attention again, and in another sub too!
Pretty awful!
It's not sick it's the future. Soon all foods will be liquified to come in the form factor of a milkshake or as burrito filling.
If I end up attempting to make an edible kind, I'll certainly be using honey mustard
thatsthejoke.jpg
Lol colby
Great googoly moogie
Not relevant! Moogie is in DS9, not TNG! feckin scrub. ;)
True. In general, the attempt of people to connect with what they think was the roots of the human race is quite common and many people take it out on food. Most of the time, due to misinformation, that leads to disaster.
I read that. The conclusion is women get new synapses, allowing them to be better in some things they weren't before. The scientists didn't mention anything about getting over-obsessed with your kid and becoming stupid in common sense matters. I guess *further research is required*...
One of the best stories about parenthood I've heard. There are many reasons I don't want to have children but thanks for sharing! I wish you and your family the best and may he have an easy graduation!
Cool, I wanna try! 
:(
Some people miss the punch line and then get Rousey'd
Lwaxana was in both though... 
Obviously I meant relevant as in part of Star Trek, cunt.
> 2369  Visits Deep Space 9 for the first time. (DS9: The Forsaken)  2371  Visits Bajor and DS9 to attend the Gratitude Festival. (DS9: Fascination)  2372  Visits DS9, seeking help from Odo. (DS9: The Muse)    Fuck, my bad. I am scrub. I deserved for /u/ImurderREALITY to call me a cunt. I'm sorry guys.
And this is my ripoff of Lwaxana for playing Star Trek Online. rofl.
She'll be right mate, just need to be a bit less of a scrub/cunt.
In Victorian England, pineapples were all the rage and very expensive. So if you bought one, you'd carry it around and stunt on everyone. If you were too poor, you could rent one for the evening. 
I have a pet. I have pineapple. Pineapple pet.
There's accidental bits of dead dog in this lady's pia colada back home. 
Pretty sure people do this kind of this as a tactic to get over social anxiety.  Point is you do weird shit like this in public, everyone stares at you and thinks you're weird, and eventually you get over your anxiety because you're so used to it.  Or something like that lol. 
Apparently, it was performance art.> The woman in question, Elif Usta, made a statement via her Instagram account, stating that the incident was a performance show.SOURCE: http://www.freshplaza.com/article/170225/Woman-walks-pineapple-like-a-dog-on-Turkish-metroAnother picture: http://i.imgur.com/NkOGvxh.jpg
R/trees 
*Ma'am 
[C'mon, she obviously believes she is walking her dog.](https://images.britcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Halloween_Dogs_5Costumes_099.jpg)
Can't even take the subway without everyone staring at your battle pineapple smh.
How else are you going to get the attention you crave in the big city?
She's walking her pineapple. What did you think she was doing? 
I have never seen ma'am spelled that way.
It's clearly a spiky ball and chain weapon. 
It's an emotional support pineapple, you insensitive ass.
She's clearly just a fan of Psych. 
How dare you assume the gender of that pineapple!
There was a kid on that leash, but he pulled the old Raiders switcharoo with a pineapple and now he's running wild.
Definitely a WTF!!!
She's working her way up to a chicken.
That's how you know she's carrying.
Is that a real porcupine or whatever?
Well, the pineapple sure as hell won't walk itself!
LSD is crazy when taken in large doses 
Make sure to drink the proper amounts of semen to enhance the flavor of your pineapple. 
Reminds me of a show on OCD I saw. The guy had to walk a banana as part of his treatment.
I don't think that's a ma'am
She's an ent. A shepherd of the forest.
It's her pet pienipple.  Have't you heard?  It the latest thing!  All the big kids have them.
Don't talk to me, or my Pineapple ever again.
Vicious attack pineapple
Pineapple mace
Homemade meteor hammer?https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-bb6540366ab7257f2370e06f6b182e0a-c
>M'am
Fun fact:  You will find a pineapple in ever episode of [Psych](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0491738/trivia?ref_=m_tt_trv_trv)
Hipster pet
That's one hell of a weapon.
According to urban legends, she's advertising that she's a swinger.
Fucking with school bullies.
Being le quirky and randum xD
[10]
I'm willing to bet that is really a dude.
Nothing abnormal here, just your average r/KnightsOfPineapple member.    Hail!
It's very clear what she's doing. She's putting on a show so that she can get on disability due to her mental illness. She'll probably claim it's her therapy vegetable. lol
I'm sorry Mr. Sheldon, there's... Nothing we could do. Your pet... Is a pineapple. Here, please take this complimentary jar of tomato sauce as our condolences.
Don't kink shame the pineapple. 
OMG SHE WALKING A PINEAPPLE!!!!! BETTA UPLOAD DIS HOW STRANGE AND WTF RIGHT???!!!!
[I rented a pineapple once in Scotland.](https://www.tripadvisor.com/LocationPhotoDirectLink-g186527-d668068-i30710563-The_Pineapple-Falkirk_Falkirk_District_Scotland.html)
Yo mama so poor she walks a cabbage instead of a pineapple. 
>UuhhYou dropped this
dawg...
Accidental.If you like poodle collie-das...
You win the upvote. Thanks for the laugh!
My strategy was dildo nunchucks. Mild mannered grobulox was never the same once he donned the dick ninja mantle
And here I am just talking to people as my method.
No
I knew it was going to be either art, fashion, or dementia.
I came here with something clever to say but now you've ruined it. Nope, totally not going to say it now. All your fault. *pouts* ^Wasn't ^really ^all ^that ^clever ^to ^be ^honest.^^But ^^still... ^^my ^^internet ^^points!
when you're [9] and remember you haven't walked your pineapple yet today
It's the less formal version of m'lady.
That's the Middle Eastern way, a.k.a. Kurdish prononciation.
She just watched Kill Bill and this was the closest thing she could come up with on short notice.
Well...I mean...kind of...
That moment when your sarcasm is correct 
[deleted]
Shut the fuck up. Wit' yo corny ass. 
Im pretty sure its a thing, there have been other posts with people having shoes on a leash doing the same thign and that was the explanation.  I could be wrong about this specific situation though!
Username checks out
Or drugs
M'aybe
Is this a new level of sarcasm I'm not aware of? Like double-bluff sarcasm, or something?
What is with this recently?
Don't copy top comments from other posts. 
I mean, he died though, right? There's no way a man could live through that.
Nah. He was alright.
Maggots, Michael.  You're eating maggots.
I'd like to see how she plans to prove these allegations. 
But what about the Cajun rice? Is that safe? I just had that yesterday...Someone hold me. 
The story doesn't add up. Larvae can't have laid eggs. Maybe she ate the fly eggs?
They have the wrong worm / parasite I think. Screwworms are transmitted through the digestive tract, nor could they survive there.
Woman says thing that she doesn't prove
I was having some tires put on my truck recently and walked next door to the Popeyes to grab a quick lunch.  The food was so bad I threw it away and ordered something else.  It also had to be thrown away.  Absolutely the worst fast food I can imagine being produced.
Would this not be a class action? WTF is the surgery.
Best Popeyes are definitely in Korea
Last time I ate at a Popeye's I got food poisoning. 
Someone as old as I am making Lost Boys references I get. Thank you. 
Check your poop for blood. 
It still doesn't make sense. They are not internal parasites, they would never make it to the digestive tract intact. 
Also, if they got so I'll they lost their business, it would seem the diagnosis was not immediate. Probably over the course of weeks at least. How could they trace it back to a single meal? What possible evidence would still remain? 
How was it bad tho? I'm trying to draw a mental picture, and you're not even giving me a sketch to work with.
I haven't eaten at Popeye's for about a year (their biscuits and red beans & rice were so addictive)  Have they gone downhill a lot since then overall? 
Twenty years ago it was decent.  It's all a race to the bottom now.
There's a more contemporary reference, in the movie What We Do In The Shadows they reference the Lost Boys scene.
Yup. And INXS is classic rock now. Wanna diaper, old man? You can borrow one of mine. Would you mind fetching it yourself? I can't get up from this recliner without throwing out my hip and pissing myself a little. 
*Check your blood for poop.
Hmm yeah. You're right.
There was no chicken in the breaded chicken, rather it was like two pieces of cardboard, breaded, and stuck together.  And yes, it was that thin.  It came with a side of rice that tasted like glue.  The girl that took my order seemed to have a learning disability so I didn't complain and ordered something even worse.  Finally I gave up, went back to the auto shop, and just decided just to eat one of my old truck tires instead.
Damn, that's disappointing. The Popeye's restaurants in my area are dope, but it's literally impossible to stay in business in my city as a bad chicken place. Shame to hear that I can't expect that quality when I'm on the road.
Popeyes here in Honolulu absolutely sucks.  Strangely, it has a rather loyal following.  Maybe I just have really high fried chicken standards...who knows?
Its hilarious to me that Nordstrom is selling this crap but they aren't selling Ivanka's crap...
Shoot, girls, you can get a real dick for free if you want
Thought BS but not BS, link to [product on Nordstrom](http://shop.nordstrom.com/s/j-w-anderson-bag-charm/4496982?origin=keywordsearch-personalizedsort&fashioncolor=YELLOW). Description, It's not the size of the bag charm that matters. It's what you do with it.
Balls! Balls I say!
Not quite as bad as this:Want $30 worth of silver? $800, please.http://www.ufcstore.com/MMA_Mens_Accessories/UFC_Sterling_Silver_Octagon_Championship_Bracelet
Is this real life?
I thought they were not going to sell Trump stuff any longer.
I'll give you $1. 
If it sells keep it on the shelves. I bet all of the people complaining about Nordstrom not selling trump gear never ever considered buying before. And most likely couldn't afford it in the first place. By the way, her brand is made in China! Bring those manufacturing jobs back here so that her brand can be more expensive.
Lets be honest, if you can convince someone to buy a 115$ dick and ball shaped key chain, you probably will wind up spending that money more responsibly. 
Now you can really be the cock of the walk.
What a perfect small item to shoplift.
Ivanka Trump key fob to daddy's heart.
Seems like it was made for me.
What a Dick.
I mean, They got away selling rocks in a leather pouch for a pretty penny back before Christmas.Some people are absolute morons with their money.
Lol that's quite the prince Albert 
[Once you go black, you never go back!](http://j-w-anderson.com/mens/accessories/black-penis-key-ring.html)
It was designed by Prince Albert 
/r/leathercraft gets a kick out of stuff like this. You should post it over there, too. 
is that Donald Trump?  I thought they quit selling him.
[well it is made with rich corinthian leather](https://i.makeagif.com/media/3-22-2016/3ufP6h.gif)
I saw this on actual Nordstrom.com today. We can see this item under 'Designer Collection' 
It's just half of a doggy bone.
i got fucked over by Nordstrom and all I got was this lousy 115 dollar keychain
Hahaha well good to see they are carrying one of the trump line.. this is dick by Donald!
Yaaa... we ban the trump brand for moral reason but we're cool with dick shaped keychains
Soooo, it's a $115 worth of Go fuck yourself
links or it didn't happen
How'd people in marketing can't see that these things look like a penises? 
Do they even make REAL dildos that cost $115?
No, they just withdrew the Ivanka line.
Was expecting Ivanka trump label. 
Donald Trump's penis? No, it's not orange.
They're still selling Ivanka's crap. All they did was stop giving her crap it's own section. Now I guess it's mixed in with the other crap. Media blew it out of proportion for a headline. 
Their stock went up since Trump denounced nordstrom. I'd wager far more Trump supporters shop at Walmart than Nordstrom for their clothes. It's good for business not to sell ivankas crap. People are actively shopping at Nordstrom because they pulled the brand. Bottom line is her crap wasn't selling well, the company is in business to make money and people who don't like trump are actively deciding to shop there over somewhere else, as a *fuck you* to our president. I myself plan on buying a sweater there this afternoon for the same reason.
This is Ivanka's crap. It's a to-scale model of one that's she's unfortunate enough to be intimately familiar with.
They're dicks
Anything with a sexy this and that is top priority in America these days. Doesn't have a real use. Not too sure where this will all end.
And it's back ordered. Enough people bought a $115, 3 dick for their purse that it's backordered. I love Nordstrom, and shop there frequently. But if this ain't the most boujee ass shit I have ever seen....
http://shop.nordstrom.com/s/made-solid-medium-leather-wrapped-stone/4497177?origin=coordinating-4497177-0-1-FTR-Data_Lab_Recommendo_V2-recently_viewed_v3&recs_type=coordinating&recs_productId=4497177&recs_categoryId=0&recs_productOrder=1&recs_placementId=FTR&recs_strategy=recently_viewed_v3&recs_source=Data_Lab_Recommendo_V2&recs_referringPageType=item_pageClicked your link and this lil guy popped up under my suggested. Who the hell buys this shit?
From the reviews:>I always have trouble finding my keys. But with this charm it's a breeze! It's so easy now when I dig down into my purse and feel my male genital charm I know I've hit the jackpot.
It's for gay dudes
I'd rather save up $2999.99 for their junk shorts with [real pubes and ball sweat](http://www.ufcstore.com/MMA_Collectibles/Luke_Rockhold_Ultimate_Fighting_Championship_Autographed_UFC_on_FOX_Machida_vs_Rockhold_Fight-Worn_Shorts_with_Dragon_Slayed_4_18_15_Inscription_-_Defeated_Lyoto_Machida_via_2nd_Round_Submission).
Im pretty sure you would have to pay me $800 to rock that steadily. 
I love that it's a render and not even e real photo, like they said we won't bother to make one of these until some cockholster orders it.
Its just plated, so not even 30
[If you like that...](http://m.shop.nordstrom.com/s/made-solid-medium-leather-wrapped-stone/4497177)
Naw, just fantasy. Uh oh, landslide.
You pay me $1 and I'll throw it away for you.
It isn't a key chain, it is a bag charm.
Thank you good man. I didn't believe it until I went to their site and looked. I don't trust anything I read anymore until I see a verifiable source. Especially when it has to do with anything Trump related, good OR bad. 
*actual size
They'd better have it in orange...
Yeah, they didn't ban anything.  Nordstrom stopped carrying her (Ivanka's) shit line because it wasn't selling.  They specifically acknowledged a lack of political motivation in their business decision.Now, as for dick-shaped keychains...I got nothing.
Do you mean Nordstroms or in general? Because I got some news for you if you mean in general.
They make dildos that cost way more than just $115. 
Pretty sure it was the Tweeter-in-Chief that blew this one out of proportion. The media just ran with it.  Edit: You trumpets realize this wasn't a story until his crybaby tweet, right? Which, incidentally, was sent in the middle of an intelligence briefing. Poor whiny bitch.    
You mean Donald Trump did.>My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom.
Had to report something besides all these terrorist attacks going on. /a
Media blows something out of proportion? No way.
Yep, I saw them in store. They're trying to get rid of all inventories of her products. Generaly, Nordstrom will send non sell merchandise to Nordstrom Rack stores in other area, but her products are still in the store after the famous comments. I guess they're not planning to sell it even Rack store. When I saw which major retailers are still selling her products, the most of them are off rack / discount stores - it means, her products doesn't sell well at full price stores (except Macy's & Bloomingdale's - they have strong business ties with Trump since long time ago)
I thought the guy that first mentioned it was the president, not the media.The media just commented on the fact we have a president that's complaining about the family business. 
their stock has been going down for 5 months though 
yeah, expensive status symbols are an entirely new phenomenon.
I misread the title as $15 and still thought Wtf. 
Bourgeois?
Nordstrom or the keychain?
I'm confused. Is your comment supposed to change the 'wtf' factor or what?
no homo
I hate to defend them but it doesn't say plated... it says sterling silver plate and clasps they are referring to that entire front piece as the plate and the clasps are well, the clasps. It's totally fair to knock this thing but not on account of your poor reading comprehension.
Reviewers gave it four and a half stars. So in what way was the negative reviewer disappointed?
I have no words for this.Well, that's not true. Words like: What the hell?! And, Dumbasses! Come to mind. 
Looks like a potato holster
Why... What could it be for? Decor?
I was unsure after seeing the first image but the second one really sold it!
How was this related to trump. 
You are back at 1. No downvote stigma for you.
Terrible!
Your second point may be true, but I know I saw articles mentioning it before I saw anything about what Trump had to say about it. 
I read a number of headlines during the day, prior to any tweet by President Trump on the topic.
Right. So stop giving a brand that wasn't selling well it's own section (Ivanka's) and throw in Trump tweeting about them and it has gone up a little. Change in trend largely due to the whole Trump thing. 
How can you go wrong with 100% calf leather?
Yup was just gonna say i have a potato holster just like that 
A paperweight? A conversation piece? A work of art? It's up to you.
For stoning, obviously
Nordstrom recently pulled Ivanka Trumps clothing line. Donald Trump lashed out at Nordstroms on Twitter. This could have been posted to discredit Nordstroms , as in  look what the holier-than thou Nordstroms is selling in their stores..  Honestly, that's the way the game is played these days. I don't trust anything I read anymore, let alone the motives behind what gets written. 
Thanks, I was having a Fluff crisis. 
I love that this is the shit he takes the time to tweet about. Not important stuff. Also why is he tweeting at all...
Sad!
Disaster!
For the imam who wants an upscale yet casual look, just in time for spring stoning season
This was literally just showing an overly expensive keychain lol chill
Yeah. That's how I feel, too. There were rumors circulating that he was complaining to the staff that he hated his job. 
You are right. I missed the fact that is was an EXPENSIVE key chain. The fact that Nordstroms is selling a dickballs key chain was not the shocker.  Apparently it is not a big deal for an image conscious store like Nordstroms to sell an item like this. Forgive me for being out of touch. 
I read that article too. Without concrete sources, it's a rumor, but you can just take one look at him and see there has to be some truth in that. Dude seemed to think he was running for king of America and he could run things like his business. Now he's getting pushback and throwing tantrums on twitter over judges being mean. 
Yeah...they are just rumors. I think he looks pretty miserable. Obama aged a lot. I'm wondering if the pressure of not being liked will be enough for Trump to keel over. I think he'd have to actually care in order for that to happen. I don't think he does. He cares about superficial shit. I feel like just turning the tv off for the next 4 years and hoping for the best. I have left leaning acquaintances calling to communicate to Trump in the only language his voters understand: violence. Nothing scarier to me than seeing people who feel cornered become comfortable with violence. Holy shit.
No, I don't think he cares about being liked. Anyone who doesn't like him is an enemy anyway, and he holds grudges. Look at that Rosie O'Donnell feud. That's over 10 years old over one comment she made. What he does care about is his image and his wealth, and that's something that's made fun of weekly thanks to SNL. He's called SNL a garbage show or whatever, but explain this fucking thing, Donnie boy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjeORm4LMDkYou don't need to lower yourself to these garbage standards for some free publicity if it's such a terrible show.And that violence shit, holy crap, yes that's scary. I would have thought the only language he spoke was money. 
lol I was like did he mean to link to a Drake bit???That was actually a little cute. 
Interesting guy, but this is more TIL that WTF material.  
where's the wtf?
Need a little help here
I have two uncles who worked on the Manhattan project and one of them later worked at Lawrence Livermore Labs so he almost certainly knew John von Nuemann. I wish I had known about him while they were alive so I could have asked them about him. 
Have you clicked the link? Everywhere on the page
I clicked the link.  He was an amazing scientist.  Where is the WTF?
What am I supposed to be seeing?
>Everywhere on the pageI concur!WTF is set theory, WTF is ergoti theory WTF is........
Find someplace else to troll.
Just because you're retarded doesn't mean I'm a troll, sorry.
But, where's the WTF? 
You didn't know about a major scientific figure, and I'm the retard?  If John Von Neumann is WTF to you, you need to sue your high school. 
McEachern says it is illegal to tow a couch through a drive-thru, but the two men were wearing helmets.It shouldn't be illegal if you are wearing a helmet 
Is it really necessary to arrest someone for that? Really?
>yet-to-be-determined charges.what a bunch of bullshit
Pics or it didn't happen
Why do I think one of them is called Gary?This is definitely something a Gary would do.
I want some Chicken McNuggets, but I don't want to leave the sofa, pass me my helmet
pffffttt.....being towed by an ATV.  [Do it right, people](https://www.google.com/search?newwindow=1&site=&tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1280&bih=590&q=driving+a+couch&oq=driving+a+couch&gs_l=img.3..0j0i24k1.579.2303.0.2662.16.14.0.2.2.0.117.1085.11j2.13.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..2.14.972.0..35i39k1j0i30k1j0i8i30k1.86xvobiR-dE)
WEE WOO WEE WOOLook out for the fun police.
That's awesome. Hope the morons snitch on the driver who sped off. Hate when jackasses get away with dangerous bullshit. 
Ou da fak takes off on der bahds like dat, eh?
I was hoping to see a picture of a couch someone had attached wheels and motors to.
There is no way there is a specific law that says this is illegal.  I think they are making shit up.
Someone, somewhere, felt the need to make a law about this.
I'm going to have to see that in the vehicle code. 
He was drunk driving
Its an oddly specific law.
Gee they were only having fun. Lighten up. 
There's pics and a video... and the couch is out in the middle of the river, I believe ETA link to [video](http://959sunfm.com/news.asp?mn=7&id=689&cc=31&pg=1) and [pic](http://imgur.com/a/Gsg0v)
Actually, got another [good one](http://imgur.com/a/utuiW)for ya!
I love that I can read my own accent with this comment but eh is not to be used at the end of a question, it makes no sense. eh is used to turn any declarative statement into a question.I'll give an exampleIs it a nice day, eh? Is wrongNice day, eh? Is rightThink of how Americans use huhDoesn't Maureen really make the best pie, huh? is wrongMaureen really makes the best pie, huh? is right. Hope this helps the impression.
Cash me ousside how bout dah
Like this? http://metro.co.uk/2011/09/29/fastest-motor-sofa-in-the-world-reaches-speeds-of-101mph-167405/
Bacause....... reasons.
No shit - they arrested them, and will have to think up charges later - bullshit.They should not have been arrested in the 1st place, IMO.
Poor little guy 
A careless angler disposed of mono-filament line incorrectly and it ended up wrapped around the gull's leg.  Slow strangulation of the tissues caused the foot to drop off.  Likely held in place by a tendon. 
*full body cringe*
I commonly see gulls with one missing leg. Be it from infection, or injuries like with this bird they seem to be able to adapt pretty well to life with one leg.
Does it even feel it?
Aww man, that's cruel. I hope somebody caught him and put him out of his misery. 
down south here, many gulls loose feet from landing on a hot tar roof or asphalt.
Something was burning the feet off of the pigeons here recently. I don't know if they stood on something caustic or if its a disease but some of the pigeons just have stumps left. Scavenger birds live a hard life
The other bird is squawking, Mine! Mine! Mine!
Sounds uncomfortable
A lot of them pull one leg up and hide it because theyre smart bastards and know  people feel bad for them and feed them
It doesn't feel a thing. 
i hope someone amputated that leg and let him gooooooooo
I've heard that this is usually due to snapping turtles biting at gulls feet when they try to stand on them, thinking they are rocks.Nature is metal.
I'm sure the bird is fine with one leg. No reason to kill it. Tons of seagulls lose legs and it doesn't seem to affect them. 
Shit... 
Note to self: Avoid rocks. 
Well I didn't say kill, did I? 
Yes. Yes, you did 
Video with official describing the damage. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T595rAtZH20
They are not testing to see if its broken.  They knew it was broken.  They are slowing increasing the water they let out of the spillway because they have too due to California's more recent storms.  They are most likely gonna let as much of it erode as can then rebuild it in the summertime.
How did it get broken?
Where there's a spill there's a way.   
Hopefully it washes some of the tweakers away while theyre at it
The integrity of the dam itself is not threatened according to official's. A big chunk of concrete eroded away and now its washing all the earth out from under it. The real threat is to the salmon in the river and the ecosystem within it. 
So? Was it broken?
Haven't seen anybody mention it yet but apparently the crack that gave way to this had appeared in 2013. :/
Yup, looks broken.
Looks like something out of Star Wars!
Broken.....
So what was the verdict?
If anyone watched Rachel Maddox tonight she open the show with this.
Is that the dam that flooded okieville/olivehurst? The last flood was a levy breaking back in the 90's I thinkI remember seeing a dog being rescued from a roof. 
My husband is from the Oroville area but we live in another state now.  Seeing Oroville in the news has him tickled pink, we're going to be there end of next week so we'll probably get to see the clean up effort.
Oh shit live near here
My cousin is workin on this, not sure how, she just sent us similar photos and says that this his her department. 
Pictures of the hole in the spillway look like the concrete panels were not tied together with rebar. And  just had a sheet of wire mesh to reinforce the concrete. ie  masonrydepotny.com/product/concrete-wire-mesh-heavy/
It's only WTF because of your dumb description. It's more like engineering cringe.
This was the next video: ~~helicopter~~ aircraft view of the whole shebang https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dBPk2cpcyk
thank you
Can someone explain to us what's going on in the picture?
My guess is due to the excessive wet conditions. Looks like there has been flooding in the area, meaning that the ground is completely saturated with water. And I believe the video said it was in California? If so, it hasn't helped they've had record dry conditions over the years. The saturated conditions affected the integrity of the dam spillway resulting in a catastrophic failure on the spillway. It probably wasn't built to these extreme events. 
California has too much water right now, so they have to dump the reservoir. Water erodes dirt. Seems to have gotten under the spillway and through a crack, taken out the hillside.
Civil engineering student here: I don't know much about this specific Spillway damage but largely Spillway damage is due to a process called cavitation that occurs during times of high flow over a Spillway.During a flood event you have to allow higher than design flows over the Spillway, this results in fast flowing water over the concrete. Concrete is an uneven surface and the high flows over this unevenness creates localised areas of high and low water pressure. Think of your car going over a speed bump, the suspension compresses over the bump then decompresses after. Once you reach fast enough flows this process creates micro vacuums immediately after small bumps in the concrete. The vacuums then suck in on themselves and rip up the concrete, leaving a larger indent than before, which allows for an even larger low pressure area and it cascades from there. 
I broke the dam!
In the video in another comment they say its simply broken from erosion but the level of erosion wasn't actually as bad as they thought
Many California dam spillways haven't been used in a few years, and historically not often at all. In this case historic rains filled the reservoir enough to require them to not just use the spillway but release more water than typical. This exposed failures in the spillway in the form of a cavity that rapidly grew into a full fissure running across the entire spillway.The picture here shows them attempting to release a much smaller amount, then increasing progressively amounts of water to determine basically: * how much more erosion will occur if they let that amount of water through the spillway * how much more water they can release without causing more or significantly more erosion * whether the amount they eventually determine they can release will be enough to not require the use of the emergency (earthen) spillwaySo the short answer to your question is it broke because a cavity formed. Why did the cavity form? Likely a failure of engineering or maintenance (as opposed to unforeseen circumstances) but that investigation will have to wait until they've gotten past the current emergency. More rains are coming, the reservoir is still full and it's refilling faster than normal due to warm wet weather systems over the Sierras causing some unusually early-season snowmelt.
Dam you 
They all went to Redding, along with the Pedophiles/Registered Sex offenders. That is as far as a bus ticket can take you from Vacaville Prison.
Amen
Yeah the Feather River will be messed up from all the mud and trees that will comes down.
the spillway is broken, the dam itself is fine
We were spending that infrastructure tax money on our bullet train, have you ridden it yet? It's quite awesome.
It's working as intended.
This is happening right now at the Oroville Dam Spillway in Northern CA.  It's a few feet below the Emergency Spillway and the level of the lake is still rising.  
You most likely won't be able to drive up oro dam blvd. When the spillway is opened up they typically shut the road down because of the mist. You may get lucky and it might be open. But I don't think so.
This is me being picky, but 99% sure that footage is taken from a plane. You can see the wing strut in the still photos, and the ground speed in the video is more like that of a small plane.
That's a lot of water. And more rain on the way. Looks like they have no choice but to continue releasing water.
Hey, they just opened the emergency spill way. Hopefully there will be footage soon.
That water should be flowing down that thing that looks like a driveway, and not in the trees to the right.  The water is clearly eroding the vegetation on the right side which is damaging the integrity of the damn, and the spillway.  The spillway is designed to resist erosion, the water for some reason flowed to the side.
That diagonal section of water flow is a 300 foot across break in the spillway where 35,000 yards of water a second is just eroding the hill.
> California has too much water right nowI am always amazed we go from drought to too much water in just a few months. I still remember all the comparison pic of different lakes from 2014 and 2016. I want to see the new pic of the same lakes now.EDIT: [Found what I was looking for](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/California-drought-monitor-map-11-percent-severe-10920707.php#photo-12342983)
LAKE Oroville, not reservoir
LAKE Oroville, not reservoir
Water you complaining about?
Redding here. Can confirm.
And yet Redding is still a better place than much of the rest of Cali
the salmon hatch is gonna be in a heap of trouble, even if they do safely move the fish.  drought then flood, I predict a serious bug problem in about 2-3 years.
This exactly.   And pensions.   Fml
They are watching the situation but may still have to use the emergency spillway which is the dirt to the left
and the end of the video they are in a plane..
Airplanes are helicopters with the rotors on the nose
It started as a chunk, broken from just one half of the spillway and after eroding under the concrete, the rest broke away all the way across the spillway.  There are several, alternate ways for water to be released. [Here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oroville_Dam#/media/File:OrovilleDam.jpg) is a good picture that shows the dam and to the left of it, the spillway.  
Sorry, I'm confused about what angle I'm looking at, I'm looking up at a hill correct? I guess I don't get from what direction the water is coming from.
Just FYI we measure water flow in cubic feet per second, not yards per second. It would still be 35000 CFS though 
California uses its regular droughts politically to scare up revenue. They recently just got voters to approve $7.5B in bonds (repayment is $15B) for water issues, but only $1-1.5B of that money actually goes to securing new sources of water. The rest is pork and kickbacks to environmental agencies so they get to keep working their nature preserves.Meanwhile, Los Angeles cannot build a desalinization plant because the same environmental agencies are blocking it out of concern for plankton.And since we cannot build new dams (environmentalists say they destroy habitat) either we have no way to capture water when the rains inevitably return.So it's raining now, drought is over for this year, but likely next year will be dry again and they will return to beating the drought drum to scare up more surcharges on the water bills and more bond sales for water conservation that is not.
Reservoirs are full but the ground table water is so depleted it will take years to recover. 
That can't be good.
http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/01/14/reservoirs-fill-back-up-after-recent-storms/
If it has a dam, it's a [reservoir](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reservoir).
Dry humor is not welcome in these parts.
HA! I'll enjoy my civilization with easy access to the wilderness in North LA thank you. Now open that spill way so we can get the water down here.
They were scrambling to transport fish out of the hatcheries yesterday. definitely going to have a major effect. 
And I heard an engineer talk about the spillway of last resort which is the dirt under the concrete spillway.
Rekt
Ahahaha I gave up 3/4 through \\\_()\_/ 
Helicopters are airplanes with the wings spinning above.
Correct, you're looking up the hill. This happened because the spillway* was damaged, and due to all the recent storms we've been getting here, had to be opened for the first time in a while. They have to keep it open to regulate the lake, but it's just gradually worsened the damage
Get with the metric system ffs.
What are you basin this on?
No they landed fine
The dam is just fine. This is the spillway where they let water out if there's too much in the lake.
I have been checking this situation, even though I live 5,000kms away.  That spillway is going to get destroyed.  The dam is one of the largest in the world, and its mostly made of dirt. The central valley needs water, I guess the drought is over, but if that dam fails they will get a bit more water than they wanted.
Right, thanks for the correction
Sadly even though we Californians need the water, we really don't have enough places to store it. We had money set aside for storage, but environmental groups and the standard politics kinda halted it. So most of this rain water will just end up going into the ocean. The dam shouldn't fail at all, they still have the emergency spillway. They could still use the damaged spillway, but it will cause further erosion in the mountainside. 
Gov. Brown has stated that he won't announce that the drought is over until after the final snow pack tally in mid-April. Even if they do officially announce that we're in the clear, there's a lot of dry aquifer pockets all up and down the Central Valley. Even with the water storage we have in CA, there's a lot of people that depend on those aquifers.
Yes its a dirt dam with a clay core to make it leak proof. Rocks, gravel, and pebbles mostly. They worry that the spillway concrete will erode uphill to the spillway gates at the dam and cause it to cave in. And they cannot close the spillway so the erosion will happen.
Correct, and the spillway fully open is actually strong enough to completely destroy modern Oroville, without it eroding and caving in. If the spillway erodes uphill and collapses on itself that will be very bad news.
Who throws away a perfectly good horse?
BUT THERE WERE BLANKS IN THE GUN
It's probably plastic or something.  My town has pick-up days where you can sit our mat anything and they'll lick it up.  Like twice a year you can sit out couches, refrigerators, or giant plastic horses.
The horse is ok, it's just napping
Coming from Dean Wormers office.....
Jaaaaames Baxterrrrr
i suspect this is slightly aged horse corpse that rigor mortis has set into. disposing of a dead horse can be an interesting logistical challengehttp://www.chronofhorse.com/forum/showthread.php?177165-Folding-A-Dead-Horse
Pictures like this can really stirrup ones emotions and give them night mares... but don't worry I'm sure he won't be there furlong. ;-) 
Man, that's a real shame when folks be throwing away a perfectly good white boy like that.
garbage truck before the horse 
Fuck that whole scene.  
The craziest thing is, that's real: http://fotoforensics.com/analysis.php?id=28852b20870897386fd4bdaf31236a99c7605c63.45774
Ginger!
Be easier to buy a few pigs. THeyd eat the whole thing, bones and all
WTF is right! I cant even get my garbage men to take a small water heater! 
This shitty title
Fuck it, just leave him outside with a trash ticket.
Post bender Bojack
Wilbur... Help! 
I'm not dead yetYou soon will beI feel fiiiine!
K, this HAS to be an old movie prop, or something...right? :(
Think of the juice with pulp that would come out of that horse after it finally goes through the compactor
I want to become a rapper just to make this my debut mix tape: Good Kidd Mad City 2
Let him go he's on a roll.
it's a MysterEd
Honestly! 
Hahahaha I'm so smart yeah SHUT UP
HOLY SHITT!
Lol, I understood that reference! Food Fight!
Would they even lick a half eaten lollipop?
Username checks out.
Nope.  It's Mexico.  
He's pining for the fjords.
Holy fuck I'm dead.
Sadly, there is probably a whole generation of redditors who don't get this reference - but it's classic nonetheless. 
http://i.imgur.com/6SkZ6um.gif
All that can be resolved with one, scary machine[NSFL Link](https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=faa_1334605690)
Lime? 
But, slightly decomposed horse would have more bloating, wouldnt it? This one seems regular in basically everything bar the way the head is held and how its stiff as a board.
You need to rein this shit in or you're going to spur another pun thread.
Yea it's a real image but it could be a plastic horse... not necessarily a real one.
ELA isn't exactly a reliable technique.
Bruh, chill
Who shat in your cornflakes this morning?
I'm a zit!
I wanna see them lick up a refrigerator 
No.  It has to be our mat anything.
PININ' FOR THE FJORDS?! What kind of talk is that?!
So isn't the horse
That was an interesting, yet horrifying machine! I wish they would have shown the finished product....well, maybe not. Haha! 
If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding! HOW CAN YOU HAVE ANY PUDDING IF YOU DON'T EAT YOUR MEAT?!?!
oh yeah, i've seen industrial shredders like that used to even eat cars and shit. the sounds and textures of that thing are straight up silent hill fodder
oddly satisfying
i think it depends. i'm no expert in vet forensics but bloating might occur after rigor has set and passed, or if the body's left in hot/wet enough conditions. bloating's usually caused by bacterial activity going nuts and swelling up bodies with their farts; if this was in a really  cold climate the corpse might've been both rigor'd and frozen
also, if you've dealt with a rigor'd animal 'exactly the same but stiff as a board' is a pretty apt description. it's unsettling :( i've found small animals a while after they passed and their bodies/tails will be locked in the exact position they were when they died, even when you pick them up. it's freakish. 
Well... Some may think this is a bit lame, but hay its a good way to harness creativity...
Corn flakes < Frosted Flakes
I wanna see them lick up these color TV's.
(   )
Definitely true
I should've learned to play the guitar...
I shoulda learned to play them drums
the kwik e mart is real d'oh! 
Sit our mat anything  is my fav
